Hello, my name is Win Chung Shir.
Nice to meet you.
Hearing his response, the girl named Yubama smiled brightly.
Yes, nice to meet you, too.
Chung Shu nodded silently.
He also mentally tagged this girl named Yubhama as being overly familiar.
Then he continued up the stairs.
There was still one more thing he needed to do.
After a few seconds, Chung Shir found himself falling into silence while watching the girl beside him.
Coincidence?
Or just as he was lost and thought Yubha noticed someone's gaze.
I don't get the wrong idea.
Yubi Hama quickly waved her hands in explanation.
I'm not following you.
I have a purpose here.
Chung Shu nodded silently.
It seemed to be a coincidence.
A few more seconds passed.
At the familiar door of the nameless classroom in the familiar, quiet environment stood a strange girl who was overly familiar.
Uh, what a coincidence.
Yubhama awkwardly searched for a topic.
So, you're a member of this club.
No, no, I'm not.
Chung shook his head.
I didn't join any club.
I came here just to fulfill a wish.
First to thank you, Kinoa, then to deliver some bad news.
Probably.
Oh.
Oh.
Yubama nodded in understanding.
So, it really is possible to make requests here.
Then I can relax.
After all, if it weren't for the teacher's strong recommendation and trust in her character, she probably wouldn't have sought out such a club high up in the corner.
But now, since her classmate had already had successful requests, it should be fine, right?
Thinking of this, Yubiama gathered her courage and knocked on the door.
Please come in.
Upon receiving a response, Yubahama opened the door and walked in.
Then, ah, why is Kamichi homophone for homebody here?
She exclaimed, sounding very surprised.
My hikagaya glanced at this girl with confusion.
Who is this person?
Thinking carefully, it seems he doesn't recognize her.
In that case, there's no need to be polite, right?
But it seems that might not work as she appears to be here to make a request.
If that's the case, he could just wait until the request is finished before confronting her.
Who are you?
Edge.
Yubhama's expression froze upon hearing his words.
Why does this sound so familiar?
Oh, my name is Yubama Yui.
Write a yes.
Upon hearing someone call her name Yubama looked over with excitement.
Is there someone she knows here?
But evidently there isn't.
Because that person was Yukino, who while famous in school had no connection with her.
Yu you know me.
Yubahama was a bit surprised.
This is Yukinoa and she actually knows me.
That's impressive.
You must have memorized all the student names in the school, right?
Not really.
Yukinoida lowered her gaze, not even looking at him.
For instance, I don't know someone like you.
I see.
Hikaya felt a bit awkward.
However, his suddenly lowered tone made Yukino mistake this as, "You don't have to feel down.
It's my fault after all.
Because you are too insignificant and I am too weak, which is why I unconsciously tend to ignore you.
" Huh?
Is that supposed to be comforting?
Just sarcasm?
Watching the back and forth exchange between the two, Yubhama excitedly interjected, "Your club seems quite interesting.
" Hearing this, Chung Shir tilted his head.
"Is this conversation really interesting?
Could it be that this girl named Yubama is a source of amusement?
" But in the next moment, Chung Shir felt regret for his previous thought.
Because looking at the girl in front of him, desperately gesturing and explaining under Yukino's cold gaze, Chung Shir did not believe that someone who is a source of amusement would act this way.
Meanwhile, the conversation on Yukino's side continued, "That makes sense.
" And so after all, Yubahama is also in class F.
Upon hearing this, Hikagaya blurted out without any impression of it.
Huh?
No way.
Is that some certain pond too?
What?
Yubhas face turned red with anger.
Am not a certain pond.
I'm still AC.
Oh, no.
No, it's nothing.
Yukinoida was about to offer help upon seeing this, but before she could speak, she heard another name come out of Yubama's mouth.
Really?
We're all from the same class.
Kamachi, you're too far behind compared to Chung Shir, and he's just a transfer student who came later.
My hikagaya instinctively asked upon hearing this name, "What do you mean?
How did I suddenly get compared to this person?
Just now I met Ching Shir.
" And then Yubhama briefly explained the situation from earlier.
After listening to Yuama's explanation, Yukinoa looked at Hikagaya with even more disdain.
It seems that someone isn't doing so well in class.
They can't even compare to a transfer student in terms of making acquaintances.
Nearby, Shinji, who was watching the drama unfold, immediately chimed in, not necessarily, you know, after all, I've only met four people in this school so far.
This was the truth.
He had never given others a chance to speak.
Wan Yukinoida then noticed that there was actually one more person at the door.
When did you arrive?
Just now.
Shinji pushed open the door that was half a jar and walked in.
I came together with Yuama, but I let her go and first to handle something.
Upon hearing this, both Hikagaya and Yukino's attention shifted back to Yuama.
Handle something?
A yes, I have a request.
Thanks to Shingi's reminder, Yuama finally remembered the purpose of her visit.
However, Yuiama glanced at the other two boys present with a somewhat complicated expression.
Seeing this, Shinji immediately understood.
Hikagaya, could you take me to the school's vending machine?
I'm a bit thirsty.
Oh, sure.
Hikagaya understood Shinji's intention and agreed without a second thought.
Besides, he was indeed not very interested in this woman's request.
The vending machine downstairs.
Shinji looked at the drinks inside and couldn't help but fall into deep thought.
System, come out for a moment.
Ding.
What's wrong, host?
I'm currently preparing the staff meal.
Hearing this, Shingi's tone became more determined.
Then, that makes it even more convenient.
Go check the drinks at your workplace of what brand is the pure milk there.
Please wait a moment, host.
A few seconds later, the systems voice rang out again.
Hosted from the Pure Milk Beep brand.
Upon hearing this answer, Shingis expression instantly twisted.
What on earth is that?
How has a company with such a brand survived?
It's been a 30-year-old brand host.
Shinji, was that what he was concerned about?
He was more bothered by that painfully ridiculous name.
Um, Wan, have you decided yet?
Pikagaya couldn't help but ask.
You've been standing here for quite a while.
Although it was just an excuse, it didn't mean that they had to buy drinks, right?
However, if they could indeed buy one, wouldn't that make the excuse genuine?
Thus, could you hurry up and let him buy a new flavor of drink to quench his thirst?
Oh, sorry.
Upon hearing the voice, Shinji recalled that this time he was not the only one present.
Go ahead, I'll take my time.
I'm having decision paralysis.
In truth, it was simply that he was shocked by the name of that milk.
He initially suspected it was a counterfeit, but never expected it to be the real deal.
That's quite ridiculous.
I see Hikagaya waved his hand dismissively.
It's fine.
Take your time.
I estimate those two girls upstairs are just now getting to the point.
I don't think so.
Shinji shook his head, pressing the button for the previously mentioned milk beep.
Given the straightforward tone Yinoida used just now, I believe they might have already settled things by now.
Who knows, after we return, she might say something like too slow or something similar.
Upon hearing this, Hikagaya pondered his interactions with that woman over the past few days.
All right, nothing at all.
Because the two of them had hardly spoken a few words throughout.
How do you know?
Hikagaya was somewhat curious.
Over these past few days, he had also observed this girl several times, cold, sharp tonged, isolated.
One could say that besides the last trait, the others had nothing to do with him.
Yet, even so, he didn't feel he could predict what Yukinoida would definitely say.
After all, attempting to show others the extent of one's understanding of a person in this way usually ended up being quite awkward and there wasn't any benefit to it.
At most, one would receive shocked glances from others or a comment like, "You're impressive and nothing more.
" "M, I'm just guessing," Shinji said.
Honestly, he thought to himself, "If this followed the normal development of an anime plot, wouldn't this just be a memorable quote?
" Hikagaya was at a loss for words.
He never imagined that this would be the answer.
What is this supposed to mean?
We should head up now.
Hikagaya felt that he and this transfer student had nothing more to say.
After all, just that one sentence had left him speechless.
If they talked a bit more, wouldn't that be quite awkward, although they hadn't said much to begin with, but no matter what Hikagaya Hatchiman was best, that was cutting losses promptly.
Meow.
All right.
The two voices echoed simultaneously.
Where did that cat sound come from?
Hikagaya looked around.
However, he didn't see any cats.
He should have misheard it.
That's what Hikagaya thought.
So, he left without turning back.
This action left Shinji who was petting the cat's head and preparing to explain momentarily stunned why he didn't even look back.
But that's fine.
It saved him from having to explain two or three times.
With that thought, Shinji stuffed the cat back into his backpack, leaving it only partially unzipped.
Then he took out the three bottles of drinks he had just bought from the vending machine and followed suit.
Upon returning to the service club, Hikagaya entered first.
He was met with an immediate remark.
Too slow.
Yukinoida looked displeased.
Why did it take so long just to buy a drink?
Upon hearing this, Hikagaya's first reaction was not to apologize, but to turn back with a look of disbelief at Shinji.
Was that guess just too accurate?
Shinji seeing this was somewhat confused.
What's wrong?
What you said downstairs earlier?
Oh, Shinji suddenly understood that line.
It was just a coincidence.
What's so shocking about that?
If someone has waited too long, wouldn't it be normal for them to say that?
It's probably the same everywhere.
Hikagaya pondered this.
It seemed indeed to be the case.
But why did it feel so much more complicated?
While he was contemplating, Shinji had already tossed the drinks he had bought to the two of them and casually inquired about the request.
So, what about it?
Do the next steps require a boy's assistance?
Um, Yukino nodded.
Yuama wants to bake cookies for someone, but she lacks confidence in her cooking skills.
So, she came to ask for our help.
Oh, Shinji understood.
So, you are also one of the female leads.
Looking at the two beautiful women in front of him, Chung Shir couldn't help but sigh.
The male protagonist of this anime is quite lucky.
Unfortunately, he hasn't watched it.
He also doesn't know if it's Hatchiman.
With this thought, Chung Shir turned to look at Hatchiman.
M.
It indeed looks like a typical anime male protagonist.
That person is quite lucky to have someone like you wanting to bake cookies for him yourself.
Chung Shir sighed and suddenly asked, "Did he save your life?
" Off.
Uhama froze for a moment and replied, "No, no, it's just that I simply wanted to thank him.
" "Oh, I see.
" Chung Shu looked puzzled, but inwardly he didn't believe it as Yuamas expression was too obvious.
"Yes, yes, that's it.
" Yuama said, sneaking a glance at Hatchiman.
When she realized his attention was not drawn here, she instinctively breathed a sigh of relief.
Of course, this little action did not escape Chung Sher's notice.
As expected, the person who would be getting the cookies must be Hatchiman.
In that case, I should leave first because if things go as they typically do in anime, one of these two girls must be the one who can't cook.
Of course, it's also possible that both cannot.
However, Yuhammed definitely can't cook.
After all, she has already admitted it.
With this thought, Chung Shir was about to speak.
Um, you should come with us.
Yukinoida suddenly extended another invitation, interrupting Chongurs attempt to leave.
Once we're in the home economics classroom, you don't need to do anything.
Just give us some feedback on what we make.
Huh?
Well, since Hatchiman is here, you probably don't need me anymore, right?
Chung sure tried to protest, but it was feudal.
Everyone has different tastes, so I think having one more person to taste would help beginners improve a little faster.
As Yukino said this, her gaze occasionally shifted between him and somewhere else.
Chung Shir instinctively looked down at his backpack.
When he saw the tail peeking out from the gap in the bag, he instantly understood.
I see it turns out the little guy has been discovered.
All right, since that's the case, let's go.
Saying this, Chung Shir helplessly tucked the cat's tail back.
By the way, does this count as being forcibly pulled into the plot?
He speculated inwardly.
M.
It's quite possible.
Thus, he followed along.
Come on, who wouldn't love an anime with real life performances?
Besides, there's no loss in it, right?
After all, it doesn't seem to be a world filled with superpowers at the moment.
All right, he should be excluded.
Having a system is also a kind of superpower.
Home economics classroom.
Upon arriving here, Chung Shir's first impression was, "This place must be used frequently.
However, it was fairly clean, and the materials were quite complete, and all of that was just nonsense.
After all, in neon home economics classes have started in kindergarten, so frequent use is the normal situation.
As for domestically am, I'm not sure about other cities.
Anyway, Chung Shir has never taken any home economics classes throughout his life.
The only classes that would leave the classroom were physical education, which often got taken away.
So, let's not talk about the pains of student life.
Bringing his scattered thoughts back, Chung Shir turned his attention back to Yukino's teaching.
After a series of demonstrations, Yuama confidently began her operation.
Then Chung Shir felt as if he witnessed the birth of a chemical master.
With a ding from the oven, a plate of fresh pharaoh snakes was born.
Yes, a plate.
A square baking tray neatly arranged with small rings.
Without exception, they all became pharaoh snakes.
Looking at these indescribable black objects, who would have thought they were once a bunch of innocent and harmless dough balls.
M.
Chung sure pondered for a moment.
I think these should win the award for best creativity at the international chemistry competition.
Mm.
Hatchiman nodded in agreement.
At the same time, he gave a thumbs up to someone in his heart.
This guy is someone who knows how to speak.
Edge.
Uhama widened her eyes, looking somewhat uncomfortable.
You mean it doesn't even count as food poisoning?
Yukinoa.
For a moment, it's hard to tell whether to commend you for your self-awareness or to say that guy described it very accurately.
Isn't there no difference?
They are all inedible.
Chung Shir shrugged.
Then he casually picked up a pharaoh's snake and broke it apart to examine it for a moment.
There's too little flower added, and the water wasn't mixed well.
The proportions are completely off.
And also, Chung Sher squinted his eyes and pinched out a yellow shell-like object the size of a fingernail from inside.
This thing must be an eggshell, right?
How could such a big eggshell have been mixed in without anyone noticing?
Upon seeing this shell, Hatchiman felt somewhat awkward.
By the way, is it still too late to run away at this moment?
Yukinoida looked at Yuama with a face full of disbelief, issuing a soul-searching question.
When you were learning to cook at home, did you get kicked out for some reason?
Yuama nodded awkwardly.
I got kicked out because I accidentally broke three plates at home.
Upon hearing this chunure couldn't help but raise an eyebrow.
Just that little.
It can't be just that, right?
Uh Uhama looked guilty.
No, really, that's all.
The three of them stared.
Uuhama couldn't take it anymore under their gazes and finally admitted, "All right, I also added half a bag of salt, a box of monosodium glutamate, and three spoons of sugar.
" Upon hearing this, the three of them suddenly felt embarrassed.
This is practically the same as what was added before.
Chung couldn't help but complain.
Just don't know if it turned into a pharaoh's snake.
Hatchiman and Yukinoida nodded in agreement and Yuama was immediately left speechless upon seeing their actions.
It seems I really have no talent in this area.
Maybe I should just give up.
You were ready to give up after just one try.
You didn't even make an effort to try, did you?
What can you gain by pushing all your weakness and incompetence on a talent in one go?
Is it easy?
Yukino looked at Yuama and said lightly.
If your thoughts are like this, then it just shows that your foolishness is beyond redemption.
Silence.
Due to the remarks of a certain girl, the heir in the home economics classroom seemed to come to a standstill.
However, at least the statement was correct.
But aren't you going to help out?
Yukinoa looks quite terrifying right now.
Hikagaya's gaze secretly glanced at Shingaki as if trying to convey this thought to him.
However, he failed because Shingaki had no idea what Hikagaya was trying to express with his look.
Seeing him squinting at him, Shingaki even thought this guy might be out of his mind.
How long have they known each other?
How could they possibly learn to communicate through glances in just a few seconds?
And just as the two were exchanging disdainful looks at each other, Yui Yugohama broke the awkwardness.
Wow, so cool, huh?
Three.
The three of them were stunned.
Just when they thought they might have misheard Yugohama looked up her eyes sparkling.
Yukinoida, the way you can say that without caring about what others think is really cool.
Seeing her like this, Yukinoa instinctively took a step back.
Did you understand what I meant?
Of course, but that's why I think you're so cool, Yukino, Yugahama said earnestly, fists clenched.
So from now on, I will definitely work hard.
Upon hearing this, Yukinoa averted her gaze somewhat unnaturally.
It seemed she wasn't good at handling such situations.
So, the next should be Shingaki turned to Hikagaya.
Oi, it's your turn, Hikaya.
Similarly, since they had only known each other for a few days, he didn't understand what Shingaki's look meant.
But unlike before, upon seeing Hikagaya's bewildered expression, Shingaki instantly realized this guy definitely didn't understand.
Thus, Shingaki could only let out a helpless sigh and said, "I have an idea that might help you guys.
" Upon hearing this, the other three immediately focused their attention on him.
What is it?
Yugama asked her tone somewhat expectant.
Could it be a mysterious quick fix method between boys?
It's strange even though everyone is human.
Why is it that most boys seem to have a knack for cooking more than girls?
Not that they learn and immediately excel, but they just seem to know one or two dishes and when they encounter the right ingredients, they can associate them with the dish.
For example, tomato ahem.
Anyway, that's the situation.
Thus, Yugahama naively thought there might be some secret behind it.
But go ahead, Yukinoa said.
Her thoughts were much simpler just by looking at the burnt pancake.
The pharaoh snake looks like someone who can say so much without being a culinary expert must at least be someone who cooks often.
Since that's the case, his idea must have some merit.
