Um, Shingaki nodded.
I noticed that Yugahama was always eager to add her own ideas during the process of making it.
So, my suggestion is to only provide her with the necessary ingredients and be as precise as possible with the measurements.
By doing this, the ratio of water to flour won't have errors and they won't have to open a new packet if they can't see some ingredient.
Moreover, two more important points.
First, this batch of cookies absolutely cannot contain coffee powder.
I don't know what Yugama was thinking to add it into the baked cookies.
Secondly, it can withstand repeated trial and error as the materials are similar.
So, if they make a mistake at any step, those who are taste testing can see it clearly.
After hearing these two points, Hikagaya and Yugama agreed without a second thought.
Not to mention how the specific procedure would work.
Just based on Shingaki's explanation, they felt this method was much better than trying little by little.
But isn't this going against Yuagama's original idea?
Yukinoa frowned.
After all, she clearly remembered that Yuagama's earlier statement was that she wanted to learn how to make cookies.
How could it be?
Shingaki shrugged nonchalantly.
If we try this way, won't Yugohama be able to make cookies quickly?
But she wants to learn how to do it.
Yukinoa countered.
Isn't this learning?
It is, but this is just a one-time thing.
But what if this so-called measurement runs out?
Yukinoida's rebuttal grew stronger.
Then how will she do it next time when she doesn't have this measurement?
Upon hearing her words, Shingaki blinked.
You can't be a perfectionist, right?
No.
Yukinoa flatly denied.
Then what is this?
How rigid can one be?
Shingaki scratched his head, thought for a moment, and ultimately decided to swallow the latter part of his sentence.
But then again, actually, Yuahama's request isn't too high, is it?
Yukinoida was taken aback.
What do you mean?
You said earlier that Ugama's request was to make cookies to give to someone, right?
Yes, that's correct.
Then isn't that it?
Shingaki clapped his hands, speaking confidently.
The main purpose of her request is to give something to someone, not to learn how to make cookies.
Since that's the case, why can't we just watch her complete the cookies here and fulfill the request?
This Yukinoa found herself unable to refute should the request be like this.
But why does it feel like something is off?
The other two present also felt that Shingaki's words indeed made sense since they were to make cookies to give to someone.
Why wouldn't the ones made here work?
Moreover, the flower ingredients and kneading were all done by themselves, so why shouldn't it count?
For a moment, the few people who were pondering became stuck in thought.
A few seconds later, Yukinoa decided to ask for the client's opinion.
Yugama, what do you think?
Huh?
Me?
Yugama looked confused.
I'm not really sure.
She initially thought Shingaki's idea was pretty good with no issues.
But upon hearing the conversation between Yukino and her Yuahama's already slowthinking mind suddenly went blank.
Sai seeing this Yukinoa helplessly sighed and explained, "To put it simply, my method allows you to permanently learn how to make cookies.
While his method is to let you learn quickly, but after a few days or months, you may forget it.
Which one do you choose?
" Uh after Yukinoa simply put it that way, Yuahama's internal balance immediately tilted.
Seeing the direction her gaze first went to Yukino's side.
I understand.
With that, Yukinoa's eyes turned to Chung Shir.
When it's up to you from here on out.
Chong pointed at himself, looking bewildered.
Yes.
Yukinoa nodded and explained.
I can'tt do the method you arranged.
What?
But you didn't seem incapable when you were teaching just now.
Chung seriously suspected that this girl was doing it on purpose, but he misunderstood.
Yukinoida shook her head.
That's because what we did earlier was an appropriate amounts.
She paused for a moment and then looked up at him when you should be quite familiar with the term appropriate amount, right?
It's a common unit of measurement used in your country's culinary education.
Um, Chung Shir blinked momentarily at a loss for words.
It seemed that was indeed the case.
But why?
Why does this girl have so much resentment in her eyes?
You didn't learn from a Chinese master, did you?
Chung Shir asked uncertainly.
No, Yukinoa turned her head.
I simply like the catake and learned by following videos online.
However, it was precisely because of this that Yukinoida encountered her first setback on the otherwise smooth path of learning.
It's called appropriate amount.
Chung Shu narrowed his eyes.
Really?
He was somewhat skeptical.
If it were further away, it would be easier to say.
But if you're saying he didn't notice when he was that close, isn't that just being blind?
Really?
Yukino refused to admit it and changed the subject.
All right, there's not much time left.
Let's hurry and complete the commission.
Sure, but you all have to pay me, Chungure stated, refusing to work for free.
Huh?
Oh, Yubhama first looked confused and then suddenly realized right when Chung sure was not a member of the service club.
Hikia also expressed bluntly, I have no money.
Joking aside, his own allowance was barely enough, let alone having the spare to fund someone else's crash course.
Then everyone looked at Yukinoa.
Of course, this wasn't to force her to pay.
They were just simply observing her decision.
Yukinoa understood this as well as she let out a light sigh.
How much do you want?
Um, let me think about it.
Chung Sha lowered his head and thought, "Money, I definitely can't accept it.
It's a bit painful since I love money, but using money to solve such a trivial matter.
It's a bit hard to set a price.
So, Chungure decided, let's set a condition for now, huh?
Yukinoid was taken aback at first, but quickly reacted with a defensive caution, stepping back.
I refuse.
I think it's better to stick with the original method.
Seeing her reaction, Chungure immediately responded, "All right, no problem.
" His quick reply left no room for Hea and Yubhama to misunderstand.
Yukinoida was also momentarily stunned.
Did she misunderstand?
But then she thought, "No, it was definitely a misunderstanding.
But what if the other party was doing it on purpose, deliberately leading her to misinterpret that he would take that condition as leverage and directly choose to refuse?
And then upon this thought, Yukinoa raised her head to observe him.
Sure enough, the guy's expression showed no change at all, as if he had known it would turn out this way all along.
Seeing this, Yukinoa silently tagged him as someone with meticulous thoughts.
However, she misunderstood.
The reason Shung Shir could respond so quickly was simply because he was a rather indifferent person.
Well, to elaborate, he was the shy type.
Indeed, he knew that the reward regarding conditions would definitely be refused.
But isn't that common sense?
Do you think they have any connection?
They don't.
What they have is merely the relationship of being classmates.
And this relationship is too vague.
So vague that anyone could claim it.
Likewise, this also means that the condition reward cannot arise between the two.
After all, conditions require certain benefits or other relationships.
And conveniently, neither of them have such things.
Moreover, Yubahama's commission cannot replace this layer of relationship.
So for Chung Shir, it was just inevitable rather than a premeditated act.
What kind of nonsense is thinking about problems with known answers?
That's just pure foolishness.
But if you tell me what that tail in your backpack is, I might consider it.
Huh?
This sudden change of heart left Chung sure momentarily stunned.
What's going on?
Why did she suddenly change her mind?
And the tail?
All right.
Isn't that the reason I came here in the first place?
How could I have forgotten it completely?
With confusion, Chung Shirt dazedly picked up his backpack and unzipped it.
Then four fluffy heads poked out from inside.
Wow, so cute.
Yubiama was instantly captivated by the scene before her.
Meanwhile, Yukinoa seeing this also brightened up, but she quickly realized, "Aren't these the cats she had just seen yesterday when what is going on here?
" Yukinoa raised her head and stared intently at Chung Shir, hoping he would provide a reasonable explanation.
"Uh" Chung Shir rubbed his cheek awkwardly.
"I plan to tell you about this yesterday, but because of the animals affection, or perhaps it was the catnip.
In any case, the cat finally agreed to follow people today, so I intended to take them back, and the purpose of coming here today was to say this.
" Upon hearing this, Yukinoa looked at him with an expressionless face.
Is that it?
It huh?
Chung looked up and thought for a moment.
That should be it, right?
Surely, I don't need to apologize.
I shouldn't need to write.
With that thought, Chung glanced at Yukino's expressionless face.
Then he silently added, "Probably.
" Yukinoa again labeled him as a liar, saying that they could often visit the cats in the future.
Yet, the very next day, he took them away.
Selfish person.
Yes, Yukino thought Chung Shir took them away because he didn't want her to continue interacting with the kittens.
However, in reality, it was Chung Shir who had long wanted to take them away.
But unfortunately, all right, let's continue.
Yukinoida no longer lingered on this point since there was still a commission to complete.
However, perhaps due to the cats in Chong Shur's bag, Yukino's subsequent demeanor became somewhat distracted.
Because of this, Yubahama's second attempt at cookie making once again ended in disaster.
Although the appearance of the cookies this time was unappealing, their high completion rate suggested that tasting them might be necessary.
Thus, everyone's gaze turned towards Beiki.
Beakya, are you sure this thing is edible?
It's so dark.
Beia looked down again at the cookies on the plate.
No, I absolutely refuse to try it.
With this thought, Beikia promptly chose to express rejection in a tactful manner.
This looks a bit like testing poison.
How can we avoid this?
No way.
We have to try it to find out the reason.
Back to reality, Yukinoa completely forgot what she had just taught.
So, to know how to improve, she had no choice but to resort to this strategy.
But she glanced at the black object on the baking tray.
Isn't this just the pharaoh's snake from before turned into charcoal?
In that moment, Yukinoa suddenly understood Bakia's feelings.
At the same time, she felt a hint of regret for her earlier hasty words.
But just a hint after all this was part of the necessary process of this task.
Thinking of this, Yukinoa reached out and picked up the cookies made by Yubhama.
Bang.
It seemed she intended to break the cookie in half, but unexpectedly as soon as she applied force, it shattered into several pieces.
Nish looking at the three shattered pieces on the baking tray and the piece in Yukino's hand.
He had reason to suspect that this might have been intentional, but the others didn't care about that.
Vikia, as a member of the service club, inevitably had to pick up a piece.
And Yubhama being the creator was curious about the cookie that although black was close to a round shape.
What could it taste like?
Yubhama thought curiously as she picked up one of the pieces.
Then they all looked towards Narish.
Seeing this, Narishes, I twitched slightly.
What does this mean?
Are you trying to force me to eat it too?
I'm not part of the service club.
I'm just here to join the fun.
After explaining, Narish pointed at the cookies in their hands.
And besides, that thing doesn't look edible at all, does it?
Besides being overbaked, he had never seen anyone produce coal in a timed oven before.
So you guys are amazing.
Narish admired those who dared to try.
As for him, he wouldn't eat anything that didn't look normal.
Sizzle.
Narish thought as he drank his milk beep.
After he said that the three of them fell silent looking at the cookies in their hands.
Initially thinking they could just close their eyes and get through it.
But now suddenly they felt reluctant to swallow.
Thus Beiki and Yubhama who were reluctant to try turned to Yukinoa with pleading expressions.
Yukinoida silently nodded.
To be honest, she didn't want it either.
Sai Nerish sighed in disappointment.
He wouldn't get to see these few people wearing painful expressions.
Hearing the sigh, Yukinoa glanced at him strangely, but soon she returned her attention to the matter at hand.
All right, let's continue.
Looking at Yubahama's technique, we still have to practice several times.
Upon hearing this, Yubama seriously exclaimed, "Oh, it seemed her energy was still quite abundant.
As for Beiki, he was not the same.
All he wanted was to go home.
" Unfortunately, a new set of procedures from the girls began again.
Yubhama added flour.
Yukinoa nodded.
Next, she added sugar.
Yukinoa frowned.
It wasn't a big deal, just a bit premature.
Hey, Yubhama started vigorously mixing the batter.
Yukinoida observed earnestly.
Dang.
In the curious gazes of everyone, a set of cookies that were no longer black was baked.
Yage.
Upon seeing this result, Yubha celebrated in advance.
Finally, it's no longer black.
Mm.
The other three nodded in agreement.
At least it looked acceptable.
Now it was time for the taste test.
As usual, Yukino Biki and Yubhama each took a piece.
Narish was watching from the side while drinking his milk beep.
However, it seemed that this time the appearance did not translate to flavor.
Because the evaluations from the few of them were all the same.
Bland.
So bland there's no flavor at all.
Beyia muttered.
Indeed.
Yukinoida looked at the cookie in her hand with confusion.
Clearly we added sugar earlier.
Exactly.
Yubhama also had a puzzled expression.
Where did it go?
It all went into the oven.
Narish retorted.
How can you put so little sugar?
The proportions of oil, sugar, eggs, and flour and cookies are 74310.
With the amount you used earlier, you barely added a tenth of the sugar.
It's no wonder the final product is bland.
But that said, Nish smiled.
Congratulations, Ubama.
Aside from not adding enough sugar, you've mastered the other procedures.
Mm.
Although it doesn't fit the trope of girls who can't cook, will definitely not learn any food preparation.
After so much effort, this successful moment is indeed worth a round of praise.
Upon hearing this, Yubhama blinked in confusion.
Did I succeed?
Really?
Yama looked eagerly at Yukino.
Mm.
Yukinoa nodded.
Although the taste was still somewhat unsatisfactory, just as a certain fraud said, "Your commission is complete, Yubhama.
" "Yeah, that's great," Yubha exclaimed happily.
"Thank you, Yukinoa.
It's nothing.
It's my duty.
" Yukinoida's expression was flat, showing no sign of joy whatsoever.
Meanwhile, Beikia silently put down the cookie and sighed in relief.
Great finally able to go home.
As for Narish, just as he was about to take his leave, he suddenly heard a meow from under his feet.
He looked in the direction of the sound in confusion.
He found a small calico cat rubbing against his shoe.
It was somewhat cute.
But why does it seem a bit familiar?
H isn't this one of those three little ones?
Immediately, Narish looked up in horror towards the place where he had left his backpack.
Oh, beep.
It got out.
Oh, no.
The cat slipped out.
Narish said anxiously to the others, "Can you help me find it?
" The three of them quickly looked down to search.
"I have one here.
Three.
" At 4:30 in the afternoon, in a certain housekeeping class, a boy and two girls were each holding a cat looking at another boy.
Upon seeing this, the boy who had previously appeared anxious instantly shifted to joy, followed by a moment of speechlessness.
Why are these few cats being found one by one?
But at least the cats didn't run away.
Therefore, to prevent them from escaping again, Chung Shir directly packed all the cats away.
Few Chung Shouldered his backpack, saying, "It's definitely more stable this way.
" He then turned to the three of them.
"Thank you, all you really good people.
It's nothing nothing at all.
Calling us good people is too much praise.
" Yubihi quickly waved her hands, explaining that she merely picked up the cat at her feet.
Beside them, Bachu nodded.
Yeah, it was just a small effort.
But being praised as a good person by a guy felt a bit strange, didn't it?
Yukinoa remained expressionless and silent.
It seemed that certain actions taken by someone had indeed crossed her line.
Chung naturally understood this, so it was time to bring out the solution.
Do you all have time later?
Chung suddenly asked, "Are you interested in going with me to a stray animal gathering place?
" Upon hearing this by Chigu, who was eager to return home immediately expressed his thoughts that sure I happen to have nothing to do next.
Yubhai interrupted repeatedly that there are more cats there.
Chong Shir interjected once again while explaining.
By Chigu was speechless.
He opened his mouth again.
That eye.
Sure.
Yukinoa interrupted once more.
By Chigu.
All right.
Chung Sha nodded then turned to walk outside saying I'll wait for you downstairs.
Don't be late.
After he left Yukinoa and Yubihi began to tidy up the tools they had used.
A few seconds later.
My Yubihi suddenly looked up in confusion.
Why do I feel like we forgot something?
Yukinoida did not respond.
Or rather, her mind was already elsewhere.
Without a response, Yubihi naturally looked up.
She then noticed by Chigu who looked hurt still standing in place.
Odd.
Upon seeing by Chiguhi finally remembered what she had forgotten.
Little Chigu seeing that someone finally noticed him.
Even B Chigu who should have been used to being ignored couldn't help but feel a glimmer of hope.
Come and help tidy up.
Are you just going to stand there watching two girls clean up?
Upon hearing this Bigu instantly became expressionless.
Oh, indeed the situation of wanting to be noticed and then being apologized to was non-existent.
H that's not right.
Bigu suddenly discovered a problem.
Why didn't you call when when he left just now?
H because when isn't a member of the servant club?
Yubihi thought for a moment and replied by Chigu fell silent very well the reasoning was quite strong after finishing her answerhigh paused before adding moreover when left too quickly just now I didn't have time to call him upon hearing this by Chigu paused in his action of packing up the table whoosh if he had also left that quickly earlier wouldn't he have been able to dodge this work and go home though doing so might lead to criticism from these two but who cares about that when they could go home but now Bigu could only think about this in his heart sai Bigu sighed at his own dullness thus after a round of tidying up by the three of them at the housekeeping classroom was completely restored.
When they arrived downstairs, Chung Shir had already been waiting for a long time.
Oh, and there were four cat heads poking out from the backpack.
Upon seeing the three Chung Shshire smiled and said, "You're here.
Let's go.
" "Okay.
