Gulp.
Hearing Chung Shus example, the girl swallowed fearfully.
Two will never walk this road again.
After all, what Chung Shu mentioned had already happened once, and she was not the kind of person who was headstrong like Hikagayakami.
Chung Shu nodded and said nothing more.
He often dealt with such matters with a if I can advise, I will.
If not, I'll let it be attitude.
Then the two arrived at the shop.
After entering, the girl quickly scanned the surroundings.
Few great everything for sale was within her pocket money.
So, big brother, what do you want?
A drink?
Anything sweet?
Oh, okay.
The girl headed straight for the shop's refrigerator upon receiving the answer.
After a quick scan of the inside, the girl soon took out a bottle of a drink that looked somewhat familiar.
Then came the payment and taking.
All right, here you go, big brother.
The girl smiled as she handed over the drink.
This drink is definitely sweet.
Looking at the awesome brand milk tea in her hand, Chung Sh fell silent.
This thing is unavoidable, right?
How did this brand manage to become so big?
But complaints aside, he still had to accept this drink in the end.
Thank you.
Chung Sh forced a smile.
No, I should be the one thanking you.
The girl replied, "My name is Hikagaya Kamichi and I really appreciate your help just now, big brother.
" Didn't you already say that once?
Because I thought adding my name made it sound more formal.
Hikagaya Kamichi smiled shily.
She would never admit it was because she had forgotten earlier that she said it this way.
Chung Shir, still gazing speechlessly at the drink brand in his hand, casually responded to Hikagayakamis words.
My understand.
Wait a minute.
Chung Shir suddenly raised his head to look at the girl before him.
What did you say your name was?
Hikagayakami.
Hikagaya Kamici tilted her head in confusion and asked, "What is it, big brother?
" Hearing her answer, Chungure scrutinized her from head to toe.
"Hikagaya, I never expected that my assumption about Hikagaya being the protagonist would be accurate again.
I can't believe Hikagaya actually has a sister.
" No, I just suddenly remembered who the brother you mentioned is.
Edge, big brother, you actually know my brother.
Hikagaya Kamaki's eyes lit up at this.
This was the first time she had heard someone mention knowing her brother.
Hikagaya Hajiman, we are desk neighbors, very close.
Oh, so you are the transfer student from Shinjjo that my brother mentioned.
Oh, Chungu looked slightly surprised at Hikagayaka Kamaki's words.
I can't believe Hikagaya would take the initiative to mention someone else in front of his family.
Could it be that he mentioned the fact that he disappears right after class as some kind of gossip to her sister?
How did your brother introduce me to you?
Hikagaya Kamachi was stumped.
Clearly, Hikagaya did not follow the normal routine when introducing him.
He said, "Kamachi began to think carefully.
What was the expression he used when he told me about the transfer student disappearing and then coming back?
Firstly, expressionless, useless.
Secondly, lost in thought, useless.
Thirdly, there is no third.
In summary, none of them were useful.
Uh, Hikagayakami instantly fell into an awkward position.
At this moment, her inner self regretted, "Why did I bring the topic to this place?
I really want to change the subject.
" Seeing her hesitant demeanor, Chungure also realized that Hikagaya had likely said nothing good about him in front of his little sister.
So, he took the initiative to change the subject.
Forget it.
I don't care about such things knowing it is of no use.
Saying this, he waved to Hikagayaka Kamachi.
You should hurry back.
I have things to do next, so I won't see you off.
Ah, okay.
Then before Higayakami could say her goodbye, Chong Shir resolutely left.
Watching him leave, Hikayakami couldn't help but sigh.
It seems like big brother is really in a hurry.
But why does it feel like I forgot something?
The next day, Chung Sher silently awoke.
Looking at the pitch black surroundings, he couldn't help but feel puzzled for a moment.
It's still not dawn.
Just right, I can continue sleeping.
With that thought, Chung Shir comfortably stretched just as he was about to lie down and enter the seal again.
Ding.
The uninvited system spoke.
host.
It is now 8:00 in the morning.
You have 30 minutes left to commute to school.
Upon hearing this, Ching Shir immediately sat up.
What?
It's 8:00.
The first thing he did was reach for his phone.
He grabbed it and turned it on.
However, everything remained pitch black with no light at all.
What?
What's going on?
Chung Shir panicked.
How could he wake up and suddenly see nothing?
Ding.
Host.
The skill drawn today is clairvoyance.
Side effect blindness.
That doesn't make sense.
Chung Shir's confusion was not resolved.
Don't think I don't know what a blind person's world is like.
Their world is not all black.
Why is it that when it comes to me?
You painted everything black.
Ding.
Host.
Do you remember what you said yesterday?
Chung Shu recalled his words from yesterday.
A panel pop-up.
Yes, hosted is currently updating for you.
No updates have side effects.
No, it is because this system believes there is nothing to update.
So, it directly assigned you a minor eye skill.
What skill?
I golden wheel eye.
What is that?
Chung Shir complained.
The name of this skill is too low brow, right?
Ding.
This skill was generated based on your past preferences.
The implication was, "Do you want to see what your past Black history is?
" Chung Shir fell into deep thought.
His past preferences, "Show me the eye skill introduction.
" Whoosh!
The system panel popped up displaying Golden Three Tommo Sharinggon single.
I can choose left or right.
Effect displays a golden three Tommo over the host original eye.
Ability consistent with a normal Sharinggon plus system panel display and subsequent eye skills are all in one place.
Chung Shshire couldn't help but Twitch's eye corner then complained again.
The name you chose is truly low.
Clearly, it could be solved with a full name.
But you insisted on using an abbreviation.
If that's not low, then who is?
But he had to admit that this skill resonated with him a bit.
After all, which boy didn't hope to awaken to Sharinggon when watching Narudo as a child?
It's just that he wanted more eyes later.
He So, what's the side effect?
What is it?
System.
Ding.
Also, blindness.
So, does that mean combining these two will result in complete blindness?
Yes, host M.
There's one more question.
Chung suddenly thought, can I turn this eye off?
It will not for the time being as it is a secondary skill.
The initial use requires being active for a day.
Secondary skill.
It means aside from the daily draw, this is the second skill provided by the system.
So you mean the skill you gave has two side effects?
Yes.
Shir was speechless.
Sai, is there a solution?
Ding.
It has been arranged proof and medical records have been placed in your backpack.
That's good.
Finally, there was something reliable.
All right, activate the clairvoyant skill.
Off to school.
Shortly after on the train, Chung Shir sat on the seat and exhaled lightly.
Very good.
Now he could take a short break.
By the way, this clairvoyance skill is quite useful.
He had initially worried that he might trip or fall due to not being familiar.
But unexpectedly, none of that happened except for the world seen through clairvoyance being black and white with no color, everything else was just like the normal world seen with eyes whom using it this way allowed him to experience a different kind of mystical skill.
However, not everything was good.
For example, right now, whether in clairvoyance or intuition, he had already seen countless people occasionally casting their gazes at him.
It felt like more than usual, but that was normal after all he knew about his current eyes.
Golden Tommo abnormal eyes.
It was somewhat peculiar.
Even if considered beautiful eyes, it was still the case.
After all, this world did not have the anime Narudo.
However, he was too naive.
Because of the pursuit of perfection, the system had directly evolved his eyes into that of a blind person's.
The nature of those eyes lacking focus and brightness had all evolved to be identical.
Thus, these realistic blind eyes appeared to others as, "Is that boy being bullied?
Look, his eyes seem unfocused.
" One person whispered, "He doesn't look like it.
He has no scars.
Could it be emotional pain or something?
" Emotional pain.
Upon hearing the speculation, the original speaker glanced at Chung Shir.
Do you think his appearance could be due to emotional pain?
Then it must be despair.
Shat a pitiful child.
Two.
The two shook their heads helplessly and they were merely a part of the train carriage.
Chung Shir was unaware of this.
He only knew that he seemed to be surrounded by a group of gazes.
It felt like the stop was approaching.
Chung Shir thought to himself.
Finally, amidst the overly complicated scrutiny on the train, Chung Sh managed to get off at the train station he frequented.
Upon reaching outside the station, Chung Sh breathed a sigh of relief.
Thankfully, he hadn't encountered any overly familiar good-hearted people on the train.
Otherwise, he wouldn't be standing here so freely right now.
With that in mind, Chung Shir confidently set off.
However, due to someone's excessive focus on the path ahead with clairvoyance, he seemed not to have noticed a graceful figure behind him.
I am Yukinoida Yukino.
Today, I plan to visit the cat house as usual.
At that moment, Yukinoa had already thought about how to explain everything, but in the next second, someone's smooth and decisive closing of the door interrupted her.
Watching his retreating figure, Yukinoa was bewildered.
What was wrong with this person?
Didn't he see her?
It couldn't be.
She was clearly standing in such a conspicuous position.
At that moment, Yukinoa Yukino sensed something was off.
But so what was this more important than watching the cats?
No.
Thus, Yukinoa's attention was once again drawn to the cats in the cat house.
20 minutes later, as a bell rang, the meowing in the yard ceased, Yukinoa set off again.
However, what she didn't expect was that she had already delayed for 10 minutes and could unexpectedly run into someone on the train.
But Yukinoa only paid attention to him for a few seconds before casually choosing a seat.
After all, encountering him here meant she wouldn't have to worry about being questioned.
Moreover, the two of them were sitting so far apart.
With this in mind, Yukinoa calmly picked up her book.
A few minutes later, Yukino aside.
She found it hard to continue reading.
Of course, the reason was not due to being ignored by that person earlier, but rather because of the discussions among the other passengers in the same carriage.
They seem to be focusing on someone, and this environment made her unable to resist casting her gaze towards that person.
And it was precisely because of this glance that Yukinoa suddenly understood why that person had reacted the way he did this morning.
He seemed to really not see as for why she reached this conclusion so quickly.
That was because she had talked face to face with Chung Shir.
At that time, this guy's eyes were still spirited.
And now looking at Chung Sher's soulless eyes, Yukino couldn't help but fall into deep thought.
What on earth happened during this time?
This thought directly led her to consider getting off the train.
After getting off, Yukino's gaze did not leave Chingure.
Of course, she wasn't staring all the time as she also had to watch where she was going.
But even so, Yukino was still shocked by Chong Shur's demeanor.
Did this guy really go blind?
It couldn't be fake, right?
But wait, wasn't it strange?
Whether in the morning or on the train, his behavior indeed seemed like he hadn't seen her at all.
So now, Yukinoa looked at the classmate in front of her who was avoiding obstacles like a normal person.
Was this person truly blind?
Or was he just pretending?
These questions were still unknown to Yukinoida.
But aheading sure had to stop because his spiritual eye skill detected the appearance of teacher Pingome head.
The appearance of this teacher caused him to hesitate.
Should he continue forward and be seen by this teacher then be taken away for a series of checks?
Or should he turn around now or slip into a nearby alley to hide?
M.
The latter option didn't seem useful because it seemed like there was a class with teacher Pingong today.
And as he paused, Yukinoida passed right by him.
During her passage, she glanced back at that person once again.
As expected, this person's eyes lacked any focus.
Not even when she walked past did he glance over this.
Yukinoida understood clearly from the movement of the beauty lens on his right eye.
But the next second Chung suddenly turned around showing a puzzled expression and said, "You know, what's wrong?
" Yukinoida was slightly startled.
"You can see.
Of course, we met yesterday, didn't we?
" Chung Shir smiled.
"No, we just met on the train.
" Yukinoa stressed the word met.
Upon hearing this, Chung Shirs smile stiffened slightly and his tone became awkward.
"This so you've already noticed.
" Chung Shir wasn't foolish.
He naturally understood the implication in Yukinos words, "I've been observing you for a while.
Moreover, there was still teacher Ping Xong approaching ahead.
" Thus, Ching Shir simply couldn't be bothered to concoct other excuses.
After all, hadn't the system already said it was prepared for him.
As a system, it should be reliable, right?
M not too sure, but it was too late to regret as Ping Xong Jing had already reached the corner ahead.
Hey, you two are early.
What are you doing here, teacher Ping Xong?
Hearing the voice, Yukino, Yukino was first taken back, then quickly explained Chung Shir situation to Ping Xong Jing.
Let me take a look.
Teacher Ping Xong hurly stepped forward.
Upon discovering that Chung Shers eye condition was indeed as Yukino described, she immediately planned to take him to the hospital.
Seeing this, Chung Shshire quickly dodged away from teacher Ping Xongs outstretched hand.
Wait, teacher, I have a medical record.
H, you've already been to see a doctor.
How did you go?
Teacher Ping Xong raised an eyebrow and questioned.
I just went like that.
Chung Sha replied flatly.
After saying this, he took off his backpack and handed it to Ping Xong Jing.
Well, since he couldn't see, wasn't it normal not to know where the paper documents were?
Moreover, the system hadn't directly handed the documents to him in the morning.
But these weren't the main points.
The main point was what Ping Xong Jing would think of the case provided by the system.
M Ping Xong Jing was currently reviewing it.
Beside her, Yukinoa was equally curious as she looked on with her.
However, when they saw it stated due to the invasion of animal hair into the eyeball, bloodshot eyes resulted, and the blood flow caused some changes in the iris.
As for the cause of the illness, both of them couldn't help but feel a bit perplexed.
They looked up at the golden hook jade in that person's right eye.
this.
Can the blood flow in the eyes create such patterns?
Is it real?
No, wait.
This doesn't seem to be the main point.
Do you have a pet?
Hearing the question, Chung Shir was slightly takenback.
Weren't they reviewing the medical record?
Why suddenly asked this though puzzled Chong sure still nodded?
Huh?
Yes, I have one.
Then do you clean up often?
Yes, I keep them outside and in the living room on the first floor.
I clean when I have time and I don't when I don't.
Anyway, it doesn't affect the second floor and kitchen.
Given that, why would you still get hurt by the hair in your eyes?
A this upon hearing this Chung Shshire suddenly understood why the teacher would ask such a question.
So this is the reason the system arranged for it.
Thinking of this Chung Shshire called out to the system again.
Beep here.
What was the medical history content you arranged for me?
Beep.
Animal forgot into the eyes causing injury and the host unable to bear the pain instinctively rubbed their eyes leading to the fur scraping the eyeball.
H a bit absurd but not entirely unacceptable.
After a pause, Chung Shshire thought of another question.
Does this condition refer to blindness?
Beep.
Both factors are present host.
No wonder it's you, Fluttery host.
Hearing this Chung Sha twitched at the corner of his eye, you should understand.
I'm not complimenting you, right?
Beep.
Host, this system is still a child.
Very well, it's the truth.
No retort.
You may go now get back to your work.
Understood.
The system logged off.
Teacher Ping Jong came online when Chung sure.
Are you listening to me?
Yes, teacher.
Then tell me, what did I just ask you?
H if not much time has passed, it should still be that topic about animal fur getting into the eyes.
Upon hearing this, Ping Jong Jing couldn't help but look at him deeply.
He was actually listening.
Strange could it be that my eyesight has deteriorated?
Wasn't his earlier expression one of distraction?
Yes.
So what exactly happened at that time?
Raising pets is certain after all the reasons have been written above.
However, ordinary people usually keep cats and dogs.
Do such pets shed fur that would float into the eyes?
Don't they generally fall to the ground or stick to something?
Ping Jong Jing thought to herself.
I don't know.
Chung Shir said, "Honestly, I was completely unaware when the fur obscured my vision.
" And then he chuckled at still cyberpunk for so absurd.
Upon hearing his response, Ping Jong Jing couldn't help but feel embarrassed for his recklessness.
This guy doesn't even know how the fur floated over.
When the fur covered you, didn't you hear any sounds or touch any animals around you?
Chung stared wideeyed, shaking his head and rambling no nothing at all.
I immediately reached out and after feeling pain, I just called for help.
At the same time, he was also thinking, "Don't ask teacher law and beep running out of steam.
" Whether she heard his inner thoughts or for some other reason, teacher Ping Jong indeed shook her head helplessly after listening to his answer.
Forget it since it has already happened.
There's no point in discussing it further now.
These days, remember not to take leave and don't say anything about inconvenience.
I know you're the only one here.
Understood, teacher.
Chung sure felt a slight sense of relief upon hearing this.
As long as she doesn't continue to ask, it's fine.
Yeah.
Hearing his answer, Ping Jong Jing nodded in satisfaction.
Now, the next step is to arrange a classmate to take care of you.
Who should I choose?
Ping Jong Jing lowered her head to ponder.
Well, regarding classmates, I think I might not need that.
H.
Upon hearing this, Ping Jong Jing looked up at him and then directly reached to place her hand on his ear.
When Ching Shir, where do you perceive my hand to be now?
Chung Shir uh on my ear.
That's right.
So, do you still think you need a classmate's help?
No.
Chung Shir still wanted to insist for a moment.
H But the next second, the sound of Ping Jong Jings nasal noise and her tightening motion made Chung Shir change his tone.
I believe I still need some help.
Haring this satisfactory response, Ping Jong Jing nodded with relief.
Very good.
You made the right choice.
The teacher is very pleased.
He That's a direct threat of force who would dare to choose not to help.
Though that's what he thought, he still put on a show hastily nodding.
Yeah.
As long as you're pleased.
As long as you're happy.
Upon hearing his words, Ping Jong Jings mouth twitched slightly.
You, Brad, don't you realize your situation is quite dire.
