Upon hearing this, Chung Shu shook his head, saying, "It's all right, teacher.
Ping X, you were just worried.
How about I go ahead and you follow behind?
" Chung Shu suggested after a brief pause.
Upon hearing this, teacher Ping Jong, who had no experience in caring for blind people, immediately agreed, "Okay, no problem.
" She was pondering how to communicate with this child.
Unexpectedly, the next moment, he took the initiative to suggest it.
Quite impressive.
Then Chong Shir turned and walked directly towards the stairs at the entrance.
Seeing this teacher Ping, Zong hurriedly followed.
If she remembered correctly, blind individuals typically did not notice the steps beneath them.
But the next moment, watching Chung Shur ascend the stairs without any hesitation, Ping Jong fell into deep thought.
H does this kid really have blindness?
With this thought, Ping Jong quickened her pace to move in front of Chung Shir and waved her hand in front of him.
His pupils did not constrict, nor were there any signs of tracking.
It seemed he had indeed not recovered yet.
Just as Ping Jong reached this conclusion, Chung Shshire suddenly spoke up.
"Teacher, what are you doing?
" His expression was one of confusion.
Why did the teacher suddenly act like this?
Was she trying to scare him?
Can you see me already?
Ping Jongs face showed a hint of surprise and a trace of panic.
She was surprised that his eyes could recover so quickly.
Panicking because her actions had been directly seen by the person involved.
She added, "Not really.
" Chung Shshire pointed to his ear.
"I just heard some sounds because this place is quite sensitive.
Additionally, even without hard eye communication, he could sense the significant disturbance in the air ahead.
After all, this teacher had not been gentle at all while probing in front.
Was she waving so quickly because she was afraid he would see?
" "Oh, I see.
" Teacher Ping Jong chuckled awkwardly.
Its just that I was worried you'd fall if you walked too fast.
As she said this, a hint of guilt surged within Ping Jong.
She couldn't help but wonder, "Is it really okay to deceive a blind student like this?
" What Ping Jong was thinking at that moment was unknown to Chung Shir.
He only knew that she was casually making things up to him.
Sigh.
She probably suspected something because he looked so natural walking.
Chung Shir completely understood this.
After all, he was not a typical blind person.
Thus, he believed teacher Ping Jongs likely arbitrary reasoning.
Thank you, teacher.
I guess as long as you're fine, that's good.
For some reason, while saying this, Ping Jang felt as if something was burning on her face.
Perhaps it was a sense of shame.
In any case, under the influence of such emotions, Ping Jang did not speak again until she returned Chung Shir to the classroom.
H looking at teacher Ping Jongs rapidly retreating figure through heart eye communication, Chung Shouldn't help but wonder, could it be that my previous words caused her to misunderstand something?
After thinking for a while, Chung Sh decided to give up on that thought.
He felt that there was no need to ponder such matters.
After all, judging by teacher Ping Jongs reaction of not speaking after this, she must have felt guilty.
It was just a question of where the misunderstanding lay.
However, that was the least of his concerns because you simply cannot know what is in a woman's heart.
Thus, after realizing this, Chung Shshire decisively abandoned his thoughts on the matter.
Time for class.
Soon, four periods passed just like that.
After hearing the school bell, Ring, Ching Shir immediately stood up and left.
The school shop was somewhat different.
Perhaps because there were no other dining places or department stores nearby.
The shop within this campus had a wide variety of goods in stock and in large quantities.
For these reasons, there had never been a scene of students fighting for food here.
Because of this, Chung Shir felt he had nothing to worry about.
After all, now both the time, place, and number of people were all within the controllable range of his skills.
Soon arrived at the school shop.
Looking at the outlines of the products in front of him, Chungure fell into deep thought.
Very well.
Another downside of the heart eye communication skill had appeared.
That is he could not view things in high definition only in black and white.
However, it allowed him to ignore obstacles and mark them.
And because he could not view things in high definition, Chungure still could not determine what this square object ahead was.
No way.
It seems I can still touch it.
Without hesitation, Chung Sh reached out his hand towards the object in front of him.
H why is it soft?
Thinking this, Chung Shir instinctively squeezed the item in his hand.
It seemed It was still a bit warm.
What could it be?
It was a hand.
When?
How long are you going to keep touching it?
Hearing the voice, Chung Shir quickly withdrew his hand in fright.
What the heck?
How could this square object have a hand on top of it, but it was merely a coincidence?
The so-called square object was actually a piece of bread, and someone had just happened to place their hand on top of it.
Um, I'm really sorry, Shuisa.
I didn't mean to, Shir awkwardly explained.
I just wasn't sure what that thing was, so I I know.
Yukino did not blame Shing Shir.
After all, he was currently blind, and it was quite normal not to notice.
When she realized that the familiar figure was absent, Yukino instinctively furrowed her brows.
Did Bikia come with you?
No.
Chung Shir shook his head.
I didn't call him to come along.
He probably wasn't even aware of when he left.
His departure was so subtle that it hadn't caught anyone's attention.
Hearing this, Yukino instinctively asked, "Why did you two have an argument?
" "No," Chung shook his head again.
"I just didn't want to trouble others all the time.
Also, I'm not always blind.
There's no need to make it known to everyone.
It was as if he was perfectly fine at first.
However, when he came here at noon today, someone unexpectedly saw him and someone helped pay for his purchases.
Someone was escorting him while walking, so attention was drawn to him.
By now, people had already started to gossip.
And soon, perhaps tomorrow or the day after, there would probably be another rumor about a transfer student in this school.
This was also why Ching Shir didn't want to call anyone out.
Moreover, he wouldn't get into any trouble by himself.
Yet, those who knew about it always pretended not to see.
Sigh.
It's a headache.
Chung Sher shook his head and stopped thinking about it.
I see.
Yukino nodded in understanding.
Mm.
This Why did it suddenly feel a bit awkward?
Logically, it shouldn't be.
All right.
Why hasn't this person left yet?
Um, Yukino, what is it?
Is there anything you haven't bought yet?
Yes, just a little bit more.
Yukino replied honestly.
But do you really not need help?
Hearing this, Chung Shir smiled softly.
Thank you, but it's fine.
I can manage walking back on my own.
Is that so?
Yukino asked calmly.
Then may I ask what the item next to the bread you just took is?
Chung Shir's expression froze.
Isn't this just putting me on the spot?
Seeing this, Yukino asked again.
When do you really not need help?
Huh?
Chung Shir fell silent.
After a while, he sighed and said, "Thank you, Yukino.
Please help me pick three breads and a bottle of milk.
All right, Yukino nodded with composure.
Do you have any particular favorite flavors?
Sweet chocolate.
Chung Shir quickly listed two flavors.
These were his most commonly eaten flavors.
As for the others, "Haha," joking aside, there are plenty of options available in GuangDong alone.
So for him, there isn't a favorite, only what he often eats.
Yukino began selecting, "All right, here you go.
I've already paid.
" Chung Shir was slightly taken aback.
Then he added, "Oh, thank you.
How much?
" Hearing this, Yukino looked at him with mild curiosity.
You can see a hearing this Chung Shu looked at her with a what are you talking about expression what do you think then why ask Yukino didn't think her words were problematic do you really think you can transfer it to me right now uh actually I can saying this Chung sure took out his phone unlocked it and handed it to her my phone has a facial recognition payment feature but you might need to help me enter the amount to pay due to the strength of this world's technology the payment function also has a oneb button currency conversion feature regarding this feature who had been using it for a while stated it's really useful this Yukino blinked expression slightly dazed.
I can't believe it can do that.
Yes.
Don't you have it over there?
No.
Oh, wait.
No.
Why did we get off track again?
Anyway, please input the amount quickly so I can pay you back first.
Oh, okay.
After saying this, Yukino took the phone, operated it a few times, and then returned it to Chung Shir, displaying the facial recognition payment page.
Chung Shir took the phone without suspicion, and directly aligned it with his face.
Ding.
With the sound of payment, he also let out a slight sigh of relief.
This way, he wouldn't have to constantly think about owing someone money.
Okay, it's done.
Chong Shir shook his phone.
Checked to see if you received it on your end.
Yukino glanced at the line pay notification on her phone.
Mmi received it.
That's good.
Then I'll take my leave now.
After saying this, Chung Shir waved goodbye to the kind girl and intended to turn and leave.
However, it seemed he had forgotten what Yukino had just said.
Yukino had already paid for the food.
Naturally, this included her own lunch.
Thus, on the way back, this girl still accompanied Chung Shir.
Chung Shir sighed slightly looking at Yukino with faken eyes.
Yukino, you really care about your classmates.
Oh, you can tell it.
Yukino replied non-committally, "I thought you might mistake this for me liking you.
" He Chun twitched his lips.
"I don't have the capacity to think that far.
Also, don't just lump all boys into that category.
Yes, it was just a coincidence.
Since she usually has lunch in the club when school is over, Yukinoa is also among those who quickly leave the classroom.
Then, while going down the stairs, she saw the figure of Chung Shir ahead.
However, she did not see anyone familiar around her.
Then, combined with what Chung Shir had previously revealed, it seemed that apart from knowing her and classmates Hatchiman and Yui, there was no one else he recognized here.
Thus, Yukinoa could clearly understand that Chong sure was the only one acting alone at this moment.
The people going downstairs at this time were either heading somewhere like her or just going to the store to buy food.
After realizing all this, Yukinoa decided not to care anymore.
However, since the route to the store overlaps halfway with the route to the club room.
Moreover, due to Chung Shir's leisurely pace, Yukinoa easily overtook him.
Just as she was about to enter the special building, an inexplicable flutter in her heart made her turn back to glance at him.
It was precisely because of that glance that Yukinoida saw the vacant expression in Chung Shur's eyes once again.
Indeed, even though she clearly knew that he could walk, just find the innate sympathy within her could not be suppressed.
The reason was that she knew he was blind.
Thus, Yukinoa approached him and what ensued were the events mentioned above.
Logically speaking, such a prefuncter answer would generally not be believed immediately by most people, and some perceptive individuals might think even more.
But what does that have to do with Chung Shir?
Regardless of whether others believe it or not, he certainly did.
Not for any other reason, but simply because he had only known her for a few days.
My understand.
In short, thank you, Yukino.
Chong smiled.
Hearing this response, Yukinoa looked at him in surprise.
This person is truly.
It's nothing but you are quite trusting of others, aren't you?
Not necessarily.
Chong shook his head.
Moreover, rather than trust, it's more about belief.
Ooh, I just believe that you have no ulterior motives.
Indeed, you have a point.
Yukinoida replied softly after a moment of silence.
Well, then see you later, Yukino.
Chong sure waved to her direction.
I'll go have lunch now.
Mm.
After hearing his reply, Chung sure turned to leave.
Upon reflection, he thought this girl was quite kind.
She had decided to follow him just because she noticed his expression.
Quite nice.
However, this has nothing to do with him anymore.
After all, it was merely a fleeting encounter, and perhaps they would have no further interactions in the future.
That was how he originally thought.
But when the afternoon school ended, Hiatsuka said, "Hatchiman, could you please help bring Wadonabe to your club again today?
I might need to go later.
" Hachiman replied, "Oh, okay.
I got it.
" Chung Shir, holding his backpack, suddenly froze in midair.
Absurd.
In the end, Shing Shir was still assigned to the service club by Hiatsukas remark about having something to do.
An entire afternoon, although he was unsure whether Hiatsuka something was true, Chung Shir always felt that she wanted him to experience club activities more in these days.
And then after he developed an interest, she would push him in.
Hm.
It's quite a thought.
At this moment, Chung Shir, who was already walking alone in the special building, thought, "Oh, you asked where Hatchiman went.
He was just called by Yui.
He is probably still downstairs talking to her.
How a shallow boy.
What a nab.
Where are you?
Look, I had already made it to the third floor and he just remembered I existed.
What's most frustrating is that to prevent this idiot from thinking that he lost me, I still have to loudly respond to him.
Thinking of this, Chung sure bit his teeth in annoyance and replied, "I'm already upstairs.
" At this moment, it was quite similar to the expression of, "I'm so mad, but I still have to keep smiling.
" Hearing the reply, Hatchiman could not help but exclaim, "Huh?
" This guy went upstairs so quickly.
Could it be that his eyes are almost better?
Meanwhile, unlike Hatchiman's surprise, Yui let out a breath of relief as she patted her chest.
Few.
Thank goodness.
I almost thought little sure got lost.
Upon hearing this hatchy man secretly rolled his eyes, silently mocking how with the way he walks without hesitation, you probably would lose him even if he tried to run away.
All right, as long as he's there, let's head up quickly.
Mm.
After that, the two of them silently stepped onto the stairs.
Meanwhile, Chung Shir had already reached the doorway.
However, he did not open the door to enter.
As for the reason, looking at a girl in hard eye communication in her current posture, Chung sure could not help but sigh.
It seems that even the high and mighty flowers of the learning world will have a day when they get tired of reading novels.
He just didn't know how good that person's writing skills were.
While his thoughts wandered, the other two who were still going upstairs finally arrived at the floor where the service club was located.
After they came up, the first thing they noticed was Chung Shir standing at the door.
Seeing this, UI hurly approached and asked little Sheru Shu.
Before Yui could finish her sentence, Chung Sh raised a finger to his lips to signal her to be quiet.
Then Chong Shir pointed into the classroom and then to his ear whispering.
I heard a slight breathing sound inside.
This is the frequency of someone sleeping, so I wonder if Yukino is sleeping in there.
Upon hearing this, both Hatchiman and Yui looked at him in surprise.
Then Yui could not help but ask, "Your hearing is that good?
" "I practiced sound localization when I was a child.
" "Oh, I see," Yui said slightly widening her mouth.
"That sounds impressive.
" Haha, it's actually nothing much.
Chong Shshire casually brushed it off before quickly changing the subject.
But what should we do now?
That guy Maki seems to be coming over later, right?
And now Yukino Shiten is resting inside.
Who do you plan to send to wake her up?
Upon hearing this, Hatchiman unhesitatingly said, "If it's a girl, then it has to be a girl.
" Yes, that's right.
Chung thinks so too.
So this heavy responsibility is entrusted to you, Yubama.
Heavy heavy responsibility.
Yubama blinked.
Shiao, your choice of words is a bit exaggerated, isn't it?
Maybe.
Anyway, it's all up to you.
exaggerated.
For a boy, it wouldn't be.
After all, it's a girl he isn't very familiar with inside.
Who knows if she might have a bad mood upon waking up.
And the girl in front with her pink hair looks like someone very easy to bully at first glance.
So, what will happen when these two collide?
I don't know, but it will soon be revealed because Yubahama just went in.
Before long, the two waiting outside heard Yubama's gentle call.
A few seconds later, two different voices came from inside again.
One voice said, "Kayun," and the other, "M," meaning unclear.
When should we go in and take a look?
Hearing this, Chung Shir instinctively nodded, "Sure, let's h but just as he was halfway through, he stopped.
It seemed like he couldn't see.
" At this moment, Hikagaya also reacted.
He seemed to have said the wrong thing.
Then Hikagaya blurted out an apology.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to say that.
" "No, it's fine.
" Chung Sher shook his head.
"My blindness isn't permanent, and you were just speaking as one would to a normal person.
" Saying this, he paused, then comforted.
"Actually, this is good.
Speaking like this to those with disabilities would make them happy as long as you try not to bring up their wounds.
I see.
Hikagaya nodded thoughtfully.
I understand now.
Although it felt a bit unnecessary, he decided to remember it.
After all, better not to think about it.
This statement has a somewhat cursed meaning.
Hikagaya.
Hikagaya.
Hearing the call, Hikagaya came back to his senses.
A yes.
What is it?
Chung Shir pointed inside.
You should go in and see if it's all right.
All right.
From the sound earlier, it seems Yubahama has just cuddled the recently awakened Yukinoa.
With this speculation, Hikagaya resolutely peaked inside.
Then he immediately shrank back.
Sure enough, he was right.
Good news, she's awake.
Bad news, Yubama might get scolded later.
Should we wait here for a while?
Is she not awake?
She's awake.
Hikagaya explained the current situation and his speculation.
I see.
That's fine.
Shir agreed.
It wasn't a big deal.
Just a matter of standing a little longer.
A few seconds passed.
The voice of the girl in the service department finally came through.
Come in.
Upon hearing the notification, Hikagaya immediately pulled Chung Shir in.
After taking a seat, Hikagaya quietly took out his phone.
It was best not to speak at this moment without knowing whether Yukino was angry or not maintaining the status quo would suffice.
As for who would break the silence, bang, here it comes, ladies and gentlemen, I'm here.
Zimokuza greeted in an unrefined tone as he walked in.
Now, please let me hear your thoughts, everyone.
Zimokuza plopped down in the middle chair opposite the group, arms crossed and confident.
Upon hearing this, Yukinosha silently set down the cup in her hand.
To clarify, I am not very familiar with this type of thing.
H, that's fine.
I happen to want to hear the opinions of the mundane as well.
So, please speak freely.
All right.
In summary, this novel is written very boringly, and reading it for too long might even feel painful.
In that moment, Yukinoa recalled the evaluation from yesterday afternoon.
Perhaps reading this book could become a form of torture.
Indeed, it turned out to be so.
Hearing her words, Chung Shir instinctively thought of a term toxic.
At that moment, he also completely dismissed the thought of wanting to read it once his eyesight was better.
