Moreover, he referred to Yukinoida, who had read the book and given her evaluation as Chanel.
Meanwhile, Yukinoida dubbed Shaong continued her critique.
The grammar is all over the place.
The sentences are inexplicably inverted.
Don't you know that there are particles and auxiliary verbs that can be used in writing?
Didn't you learn this in elementary school at Chung Shshire said, "Why do I feel like I heard the sound of some sharp weapon piercing through an object?
Just an illusion.
" Hikagaya quietly replied, "It might not be an illusion.
" Also, Yukinoa continued her onslaught.
Your phonetic marking has issues, too.
She casually pointed to a spot and said, "Ability is generally not pronounced as chara.
That's incorrect.
Furthermore, how could the term phantom red blade flash be marked as bly nightmare slasher?
Where did nightmare come from?
Um, that was just a recent popular syntax that highlights the characteristics of the ability.
Zamokuza attempted to defend himself, but Yukinoa did not give any acknowledgement.
That can only be considered your self-indulgence.
By the way, are you really writing this for people to read?
If it weren't for your phonetic marking, I would have considered this a mistake and marked it out for you.
Ew.
Zimokuza exaggeratedly clutched his chest.
But isn't this supposed to make the plot look very cool and profound?
Not really.
I just feel it's strange and incoherent.
In returning to your plot, Yukinoa pointed to a section.
Why does the female lead have to take off her clothes?
It feels completely unnecessary.
And this is the only part in this section that has no mistakes, only points of error in the sentences.
Zyokuza felt he was about to spit blood.
He hadn't expected this to come up.
And there are more.
Is this really all my mistakes?
Zamokuza looked incredulous.
Regarding this, didn't you keep track of what I said in your heart?
Yukinoshida said mercilessly.
Zamokuza was at a loss for words.
Before he could speak, Yukinoa read out another piece of damning text.
In short, your writing suffers from long narrative sentences and abundance of obscure characters, and the article remains unfinished.
Don't you know that showing an unfinished piece to others is quite uncomfortable?
I with those words from Yukino falling, Zyokuza instantly collapsed to the ground with a scream.
Seeing Zyamakuza's actions, Hikagaya couldn't help but frown.
so annoying and his movements are just too exaggerated.
Doesn't this guy realize that such actions would only lead to ridicule if seen by others?
In any case, it was time for him to stop just as he was about to speak to Yukino Shiki suddenly pulled out his phone.
Um, excuse me.
Did the earthquake just knock something down that hit someone?
Do you need me to call for help?
Upon hearing this, Hikagaya's expression became quite strange.
Good grief, he was at it again.
No, it wasn't an earthquake.
Really?
Shiki asked hesitantly.
But the person who screamed earlier isn't making any noise now.
It can't be.
At this moment, Zamokuza had already gotten back up from the ground.
Even someone as thick-skinned as him felt embarrassed to continue rolling on the ground.
"I'm really fine, so there's no need to call for help.
" "Thank you.
" "Oh, okay.
" Shiki nodded and quietly put away his phone.
"Ph finally stopped.
" "It seems that even someone as delusional as him can act somewhat normally in special circumstances, just like now.
" Yes, all of this was deliberately staged by Shiki for the others to see.
More accurately, it was for Zamokuza.
Although he had watched a Chinibu anime long ago, at least the characters looked good.
But this fat guy is a bit too um indescribable and short upon seeing the other party's exaggerated screaming and rolling on the ground.
Shiki was speechless.
Then to prevent him from continuing, Shiki deliberately mimicked those exaggerated actions and this was merely the first step.
Fortunately, Zamokuza was not in such a severe state.
This somewhat relieved Shiki.
Seeing the other party calm down, Hikagaya quickly said to Yukino, "How about we end your critique here?
If you keep going, this guy might really die here.
" Upon hearing Hikagaya's words, Zamokuza looked at her with hopeful eyes.
Yukino pondered for a moment.
All right.
Although there are still parts one haven't addressed.
I should leave some time for you to give feedback.
Then let's hand it over to Yuama to speak next.
Edge.
Yuama was taken aback then realized and pointed to herself in surprise.
Do I have to?
Yukino nodded confirming it.
Zuko seeing this cast a pleading look toward Yuama.
Um.
Uhama looked up avoiding eye contact and staring at the sky then racked her brain to utter.
Um, you seem to know a lot of difficult vocabulary.
That's quite impressive.
Guyuza immediately turned pale.
This was a fatal blow for a creator.
Such words directly indicate your work lacks memorable points aside from your good vocabulary.
Hikagaya couldn't help but retort, "You're harsher than Yukino" with that comment.
Two was just speaking the truth.
Yuama looked flustered, completely baffled as to why Zimokuza suddenly reacted this way.
In any case, I'll leave it to Yu Higaya.
After saying that, Yuama quickly fled her seat and hid behind Yukino.
It seemed that here was the only place where she could safely avoid being stared at.
But her worries were completely unnecessary because before she left Zamakuza's attention had already shifted to Hikagaya.
Juah Hachiman as your dear friend, you must understand, right?
That world is created with our shared ideals.
Upon hearing this, Hikagaya nodded vigorously, his eyes determined.
I don't understand a thing.
The main point is tell me where did you copy this from?
Gh.
Zamakuza's spirit was instantly crushed.
However, just when he thought about rolling on the ground and just dying to escape the next second, Shiki's earlier phone dialing pose scared his thoughts back.
He was clear on the difference between pretending to be pitiful in front of a few people and facing schoolwide embarrassment.
Nevertheless, when he thought of their words, Zamokuza still felt utterly despondent.
Is there really nothing good about it?
Hearing this, Hikagaya lowered his head and pondered.
At least the illustrations are decent.
His f Zakuza's breathing became heavier.
Obviously, Hikagaya's addition did not bring him any comfort.
Illustrations?
Shiki asked, puzzled.
Isn't it a novel?
Why would there be illustrations?
Because this guy writes light novels, Hikagaya explained, "This genre often includes illustrations due to the author's poor writing skills, so they usually come with those pictures.
" Of course, the reasons are definitely not limited to just this, but the simplest and most straightforward one is it sells better.
After all, who wouldn't prefer the main character to look handsome the heroine to be pretty cute and more defined?
After hearing Hikagaya's explanation, Shiki nodded in understanding.
In that case, why doesn't Zamoka choose to become an illustrator directly?
Edge.
Zamokuza was taken aback.
He had not thought of that path.
But that's impossible because those illustrations are definitely not drawn by him.
Hikagaya glanced at the drawing in his hand.
Such drawing skills clearly indicated that they were templates found online.
And indeed that was the case.
Yeah, these are the most commonly drawn illustrations online.
I just casually grabbed a few from there.
Zokuz scratched his head feeling somewhat embarrassed.
How humiliating it was that the only thing praised throughout the entire novel was someone else's work.
He took a deep breath.
Who?
If I write more, would you guys read it?
Although he was criticized quite harshly, the feeling of having something he wrote carefully read and evaluated was fantastic.
Upon hearing him say this, everyone nodded in agreement.
We would of course this does not include Chung Sher's vision because his eyes have not fully healed yet.
However, it won't be long now.
After all, time is limited to tonight.
As time ticked away, 2359 finally transitioned into Zuz00.
Gazing at the familiar scene before him, Chung Shouldn't suppress a laugh.
Huh?
I'm back.
Who?
No.
When Hansen is back.
In the next moment, Chung Shir found himself standing in front of the bathroom mirror, looking at his right eye that shimmered with a golden light in the mirror.
Wow, I look really handsome.
No wonder he had sensed others gazes on him these past few days with this golden charing gone on his right eye.
How could he not look stunning?
It's a pity that I can't just turn it off whenever I want otherwise.
A sudden burst of golden light erupted in the darkness.
In an instant, he felt as if his dreams of being a Chinibu had come true.
Just as Chung Shir was admiring himself in the mirror, a white light suddenly floated past him.
Chung Shirs expression froze instantly.
What just passed by?
System.
He called out to the system when faced with uncertainty.
Beep.
Host I am here.
What was that?
Beep.
Which one?
Hearing this, Chung Shir was taken aback, then turned to look around.
What the?
Damn it.
Beep.
Wasn't that the one from just now?
E.
He was startled.
He thought he was surrounded by something unclean.
Beep.
Host.
I was just awakened and did not scan what you mentioned.
Not scanned.
Chung sure didn't say much, immediately focusing his gaze on the target.
Beep.
Host.
This is just an ordinary soul.
Is it a ghost?
Yes.
Then why can I see it?
Because of this eye.
Yes, host.
This is the effect of yesterday's heavenly eye skill.
Hearing this Chungure quickly opened the skill description.
Heavenly I a divine eye that can see any extraordinary being.
It cannot be detected, cannot be harmed, and cannot be seen through.
Additionally, it has a 100 enhancement for all ocular techniques and a 200 damage enhancement against malevolent phantoms and ghost entities.
Note, there will be no harm to those without malice and pure spirits.
After reading the description, Chung Sher quickly locked onto a few key phrases.
What do without malice and pure spirit mean?
Also, does without malice include humans?
Beep.
It includes humans host.
As for pure spirits, they are distinguished as follows.
Pure white signifies a pure spirit, meaning a soul that has never harmed anyone consciously.
Semi-transparent signifies an unconscious soul.
Black signifies an evil spirit with malevolence ranging from light to deep.
I see.
Chung nodded in understanding, then looked out the window.
If that's the case, what was that pure spirit just now?
It shouldn't just barge into someone else's home if it has consciousness, right?
Or is it that this kind of peeping is not considered evil?
Host, the concepts of humans and souls are different.
But these souls were once humans, right?
Since they have consciousness, they must have some subconscious as well, right?
Shan Shir retorted.
Yes, but host, your theory only applies to souls that have just died.
Hearing this, Ching Shir was slightly taken aback and immediately questioned, "What does that mean?
Are there no reincarnations here?
No, a culture built on theft cannot possibly have the qualifications to establish reincarnation.
" Well, it cannot be said that there is none, but because it is too close to the divine land, it has been assimilated.
Therefore, the underworld here can at most be considered a yellow spring.
Hearing this, Chung Sher blinked, feeling the weight of this information.
After thinking for a moment, he cautiously asked, "So, does that mean the lower realm here is actually just a branch that the divine land has granted right?
" "Yes, host.
" The system affirmed his understanding.
Due to the incomplete nature of reincarnation, the underworld here only has the authority to capture malevolent spirits while pure spirits wait for the divine land to come and guide them.
Hearing this, the impressive image of the national mythology became even more vivid.
So was that pure spirit just now someone who wasn't guided?
No it intentionally refused the guidance.
Oh Chung was curious system do you know its story?
Are you interested host?
If I weren't interested I wouldn't be asking you.
Follow along host you will find out.
Hearing this Chung Shu raised an eyebrow.
Do I need to witness it with my own eyes?
If I just tell you would you believe me host?
Chong replied.
Give me a location.
Beep.
I have marked a location.
Be careful.
Don't let Nshan Pizza sue you for infringement.
After the complaint, Chung Shir directly opened the door and went out.
As for the miners not being allowed out at night here, what does that have to do with me?
I'm not a neon person.
Soon following the marked route, Chung Shir arrived at the foot of a tall building.
Looking at the apartment building before him, he couldn't help but feel a headache.
After all, in any country, as long as it looks like a high-end apartment, there is bound to be security downstairs.
As for whether they are competent, Chung Shir took a few tentative steps forward.
Then he saw a figure standing in the security booth at the entrance of the apartment.
Good news, the security guard is very competent.
Bad news, he is blocking him.
System, what should I do now?
Beep.
host.
We can climb the pipes.
Martial arts is solid.
Is martial arts supposed to be used for this?
Chung Shshire immediately rejected.
No change to something else.
What a joke.
I'm just here to watch the fun.
Do you understand what it means to watch the fun?
Why should I waste energy to watch?
This is even worse than spending money.
Host is clever.
This method is indeed feasible and the success rate is infinite.
Hano money.
Change it to something else.
Beep.
I am planning a route for the host.
Navigation starts turn right after 100 m.
Following the systems guidance, Chung Shir quickly entered an elevator that just happened to have a malfunctioning camera.
He then pressed the bright button for the eighth floor.
Watching the ascending electronic screen, Chung Shouldn't help but exclaim, "System, your function is really perfect for breaking into places.
" "Yes, host, it's quite remarkable.
Let's talk anyway.
The navigation was provided by you.
If I can't get out later, I will call you everyday to scold you to death.
" "Host, you understand the threat system, but rest assured, if there is an entrance, the exit will definitely not be a problem.
" Listening to the systems confident assurance, Chung Shu nodded, "That's the best.
" Ding.
In the midst of their conversation, the elevator had already arrived at the pressed floor.
As the elevator door slid open, Chung Shir was startled and took a step back at the sight of white before him.
What the hell?
What is this thing doing waiting at the elevator door to scare people?
Hm.
Chung Shir who had been ranting madly suddenly froze.
This pure spirit, is it seeking help?
Is it an illusion?
It's not an illusion host.
It is truly seeking your assistance.
Upon hearing this, Chung Shir instinctively asked, "Can you understand what it is expressing?
Yes, it is telling you, please follow me.
Someone ahead is in danger.
" Hearing this, Chung Shirs first reaction was to save someone.
Then he continued, Lets go.
Lead the way.
Meanwhile, the pure spirit.
It nodded an affirmation upon hearing Chung Shirs words.
But the next second, it was astonished.
After all, it had lived for so long, and this was the first time a human could see it and hear its words.
But soon as Chung Shirs second sentence rang out, the pure spirit immediately waved both hands in front of him.
Chung Shir, system translate.
Good Samaritan, please wait a moment.
If you go now, you will startle the snake.
The system translated quite thoughtfully.
However, wasn't it startling the snake when the elevator rang earlier?
Chung Shir asked.
The pure spirit shook its head.
No, this sentence doesn't need translation.
After complaining, Chong quietly asked the pure spirit again, "What's the situation now?
" This time, the pure spirit did not answer immediately.
Instead, it took a few steps back and gestured for him to come out.
Seeing this, Chung Shir finally realized he was still inside the elevator.
He hurly stepped out.
Once he emerged, the pure spirit immediately ran around the corner, urging him to come over quickly.
Following it, Chung Shir immediately heard several cracked sounds.
Hearing this noise, Ching Shir instinctively peeked around the corner.
Sure enough, over there, a small black person was fiddling with something in hand, breaking in to steal.
Chung Shir turned back to ask.
The pure spirit nodded, then shook its head.
System: Not only stealing, but also killing.
Upon hearing the translation, Chung Shirs eyes immediately turned sharp.
Killing?
Are you sure?
The pure spirit nodded vigorously, then muttered something.
It says it witnessed it with its own eyes.
Hearing this, Chung Sh nodded.
Then that's good.
After saying that, Chung Shir swiftly dashed forward.
Ambush.
Bang.
The sound of flesh and tools falling to the ground echoed exceptionally clearly in a quiet corridor of the night.
So clear that the wouldbe victim's door opened with a creek.
Inside, a very familiar girl stood not far from the door, one hand holding a kitchen knife, the other raising her phone in a state of extreme vigilance.
Outside, Chungure had just loosened his fist and was preparing to subdue the person on the ground.
But due to the sudden opening of the door, he instinctively glanced inside.
For a moment, the two stared at each other.
Oh.
In the end, it was the scream from the person on the ground that awakened both of them.
This scream startled Chung Shir into delivering another punch.
Bang!
This time, the guy on the ground was thoroughly knocked out.
Seeing this, Chung Shir immediately got up, stood aside, and took out his phone.
"Hello, police!
I want to report a crime.
" After reporting the crime, Chong sure turned to look at Yukino.
She seemed a bit dazed.
"Yukino, what is going on here?
" "Uh, yeah, this guy is a thief.
" Chung Shir pointed to the person on the ground, then indicated himself, saying, "And I am just wandering around.
" Yukino.
It was obvious that Yukino did not believe him.
After all, she knew how good the security was in this apartment as someone who lived here.
Thinking this, Yukino glanced at the masked man on the ground.
Well, this point is debatable, but Yukino, you should know that minors are not allowed to be out late at night, right?
I know.
Chung casually replied, "But I am not from your country, so naturally, I don't need to care about such trivial matters.
" Furthermore, I didn't walk onto the main road.
Who would be bored enough to check small paths for students?
So, you just walked up to someone else's door like this?
Yukino retorted.
Chung Shir was choked by this remark.
Cough, cough.
This is an accident.
He didn't actively barge in here.
Instead, he was brought in by some system.
System ding.
Host, you might as well refer to me by name.
Chung sure smiled Riley and said, "Shut up, hurry, and help me think of an excuse.
" Host, I can't think.
I only do calculations.
Then you be silent.
Don't disturb me while I think of an excuse.
Ding.
Received command executing.
As the systems voice faded, Chungure finally had a bit of a quiet environment to start pondering.
Got it.
Chung Shir pointed to the unconscious criminal on the ground.
I just followed him in.
Upon hearing this, Yukino instinctively asked, "Where did you see him?
