" at a rental shop on the right side of the apartment building.
After thinking for a moment, he added, fearing Yukino wouldn't understand.
The glass is already shattered.
The back door is open and it leads to your basement over there, which has no surveillance.
Don't ask him why he knows this so well.
Just ask the systems scanning function that analyzed it.
Ding.
Host.
This is called a basic function.
The system bubbled.
Shut up, Chungure said flatly.
Received.
The system complied.
Meanwhile, upon hearing Chung Shir's explanation sounds so real, Yukino slightly lowered her guard, but it was only slightly.
There was no way as she was alone now and her position was not as close to the door as Chung Shirs.
And in terms of combat strength, she seemed to be no match for Chung Shir.
After all, her eyes weren't blind as she could see the power of that punch he just threw.
Hm.
Wait, eyes, your eyes have recovered.
Seeing that Yukino only just realized this, Chungure couldn't help but feel a bit speechless.
You just found out.
Nonsense.
Has anyone ever seen their eyes recover so quickly?
If it weren't for the fact that the person in front of me looks just like them, otherwise I would have reported it to the police already.
But even so, Yukinoa merely put down the kitchen knife in her hand.
After all, who knows if someone familiar will suddenly attack me?
Vigilance, high alertness, and weariness are essential mindsets for a woman living alone.
So, why are you wandering around at night?
Of course, it's because I can see now.
Chong Shu revealed a relaxed expression.
You have no idea how uncomfortable I've been these past 2 days because I couldn't see.
This is the truth, but primarily it's because I've seen the soul.
If I could merely see, I would have rushed to play on my phone first.
As for the scenery, what's there to see in the pitch black night?
Is the sunlight not warm during the day?
Are the girls short skirts not white?
Or do you intend to search for light with black eyes in the dark?
In any case, if you want me to go out at night, it better be for takeout or a late night snack.
Otherwise, forget it.
All right, this time is different.
This time, I can see ghost and curious.
With that thought, Chung Shir looked up at the pure spirit beside him again.
What did this guy die from?
Congratulations.
Hearing the voice, Ching Shir, who was lost in thought, took a moment to respond.
Huh?
What?
Upon hearing this, Yukinoa couldn't help but twitch her lips.
This guy could have zoned out.
With this in mind, she raised her voice.
I said, "Congratulations on your recovery.
" "Oh, thank you, Chung Shu," replied with a smile.
"This is good news.
Definitely something to be happy about.
" But upon hearing this, Yukinoa could only helplessly rub her forehead.
The truth is, this person hadn't heard what she said earlier at all.
"What's wrong?
Do you have a headache?
" Chung Shir asked with concern.
"No, Yukinoa shook her head.
I'm just a bit sleepy.
" As she said this, it was as if she had triggered a switch and she uncontrollably yawned.
"I can tell.
Then you should hurry back to sleep.
You'll keep an eye on things here.
" Chung suggested.
"No.
" Yukinoida shook her head and worried about not seeing this person get caught.
Upon hearing this, Chungure looked at her intently when he saw her expression which had not relaxed until now he understood.
So that's how it is.
Turns out he is also in this situation.
All right then, let's wait for the police together.
Mhm.
Yukinoida nodded gently.
Meanwhile, Chung sure was staring blankly at the criminal on the ground.
Yes, you read that right.
He was really zoning out.
After all, just waiting here really is boring.
As for vigilance system, activate monitoring function content.
Keep a close watch on this guy on the ground.
If he moves, punch him.
Ding, host, you really are a dog.
Command executed.
Hearing this remark, Chung Shshire couldn't help but twitch his lips.
Which idiot invented this system?
Achu.
All right, it seems I might be the one.
Forget about that idiot.
Wait, Chung Shir, are you counting me as your creation?
System host, how can your birth not count as your creation?
Chung Shir, very good.
The logic is quite coherent.
You win.
Uh, at this moment, the criminal on the ground regained consciousness.
Instinctively, he tried to push himself up.
Damn, why would someone be out at this hour?
He distinctly remembered that this floor was supposed to have only one girl living here.
Thinking this, the thief began to wrigle his body, trying to lift his head as well.
He wanted to see if the person on top of him would be startled by his sudden movement.
What if he could break free?
Or at least he could see what this person and that girl looked like.
Then with that thought, a fierce glint appeared in the thief's eyes.
But the next second, bang.
Chungure under system control suddenly moved.
With one punch, he slammed down onto the spot where the thief's head was twisting.
Thud.
The thief's movements froze.
Looking at the cracked tiles on the floor and Chung Shir's unyielding fist, the thief struggled to swallow.
Monster.
This guy is definitely a monster.
How could a normal person shatter the floor with just a punch?
Don't move or the next one will be your head.
Chan threatened coldly.
Well done, system.
Ding.
Easy peasy host.
Do you need to switch people?
No, we don't need to talk right now, but you can handle it yourself.
The system questioned host, aren't you going to show off a little to impress the girl?
Chung sure.
Where did you learn that plot?
From your previous lives phone data.
The system answered truthfully.
Chung Shir, next time watch less of that stuff.
It's not useful to us.
Okay, host.
In reality, upon hearing Chung Shir's words, the thief was already nodding, repeatedly, begging for mercy.
I understand.
I understand to listen to you, big brother.
After saying this, the thief completely lay on the ground, no longer daring to move.
It seems he is extremely afraid of that punch landing on him.
On the other side, Yukinoa was also very shocked to hear the loud noise.
She widened her eyes looking at Chongure and couldn't help but secretly marvel this guy's combat power is impressive.
Instinctively, she glanced at her own small frame and the kitchen knife in her hand.
Would these things really be useful against this person?
unclear.
But for some reason, Yukino's heart already knew the answer, so she quietly turned and went into the kitchen.
When she came out again, she was left with only a phone in her hand.
However, Chong didn't notice this because at this moment, he was still immersed in the video software created by the system in his mind.
When do you need some water?
Facing the inquiry, the monitoring system quickly sent a notification to someone.
Post your classmate is trying to communicate with you.
Should we switch classmate?
Hearing the systems notification, chunk sure came to his senses.
Yes, switch.
In this situation, I still need to handle it myself.
By the way, did she say anything earlier?
She was asking if you need water.
Oh, no need.
I'm not thirsty for now.
Chung sure shook his head.
Then he noticed that Yukinoa seemed to be missing something in her hand, and he immediately realized.
Speaking of which, are you really not planning to sleep?
If just a moment ago, Yukinoa was still on guard, now the other party must have relaxed.
She had already put down her vigilance.
No, that's not right.
Rather, it could be said that after witnessing someone's marshall prowess, she felt that she couldn't win and had to let her guard down, but that someone was unaware.
In his view, since Yukinoa had already put down the kitchen knife, it indicated that she should have reassured herself that he had done nothing during the systems long-term custody.
But why?
Why was she still unwilling to directly leave him and the thief outside and go to sleep alone?
Was it really just because she felt uneasy?
Clearly, that was impossible.
In response to his question, Yukinoa shook her head, not sleepy.
Ha.
As soon as she finished speaking, another yan uncontrollably escaped her lips.
And when she covered her mouth in embarrassment after yawning, all that could be seen was the vacant expression on Chung Shirs face.
Do you believe what you just said?
It's none of your business.
Perhaps feeling a bit shy after being caught by her own bodus reaction, Yukino's tone in her retort inadvertently carried a hint of arrogance.
Fine, then Chung sure shrugged nonchalantly.
If you have dark circles under your eyes tomorrow, you can't blame me.
Dark circles form from exhaustion or lack of sleep.
Yukinoida firmly countered, "And my current situation is merely being woken up.
So, as long as this person is taken away later, I can continue my sleep and dark circles won't form naturally.
" In response, Chung Shu blinked, looking at her, unsure of how to respond.
If he were to say she was right, she did have a point.
But the question was was what they were discussing the same matter.
So not sleeping, not sleeping, Yukino's tone was resolute.
All right, then it's up to your mood.
Chung Shu nodded, no longer trying to persuade her.
Staying up late, how many people in this era haven't done that?
After all, it was just about how one felt the next day.
Just then, after a few seconds, the thief below couldn't help but speak up.
Hey man, aren't you going to persuade her?
Aren't you afraid of your girlfriend?
Shir, what the hell?
The thief, not hearing a reply, continued to ramble on.
You can't do this.
Don't you know girls are the most unreasonable beings in the world?
If you don't persuade her now if she has dark circles tomorrow, you'll be in trouble.
Chung sure Yukinoa.
What the heck does this guy know what situation he is in?
Sai You don't understand, man.
I used to have a girlfriend too, but because once she said she wanted to lose weight.
Stop, stop, stop.
Seeing that he seemed to want to continue, Chungure quickly interrupted, "You've said enough and I'm not interested in your romantic history, so please be quiet.
Oh, come on.
I'm trying to teach you.
" The thief's tone was a bit exasperated.
No need.
Chungure completely didn't understand what this guy was talking about.
If you're interested in talking, you could practice how to explain yourself later.
Huh?
The thief fell silent at this moment.
Explain.
How could such a thing be said out loud here?
If it were that simple, how could he still be a wanted criminal for so many years?
But in reality, it didn't matter whether he explained or not because no one would be interested in understanding how strong a person caught empty-handed could be.
After all, with such skills, who the hell would want to know about his experiences?
As for the person who caught him being able to punch through the floor, who would believe that?
Most people are like this.
As long as I haven't seen it, I won't believe it.
That's all.
After that, the thief didn't say anything more.
It seemed like he was emotionally wounded by Chong Shur's harsh truth.
However, Chung Shir was quite glad about this because this person was really annoying.
Ding.
As the elevator door opened, several footsteps followed.
Before long, Ching Shir and Yukino saw several police officers appear around the corner.
Upon seeing the leading officer, Chungure couldn't help but widen his eyes.
Officer Mumu, you were reassigned.
If he remembered correctly, Officer Mumu was from a department that only appeared when there was a murder case, right?
Hearing someone call his name directly, Officer Mumu was slightly taken aback, he stepped forward to scrutinize the young man in front of him.
You are the kid next to Ireie last time.
Seeing Officer Mumu's somewhat uncertain expression, Chung Shshire nodded.
Yes, it's me, Officer Mumu.
Oh, were you the one who reported the case just now?
Yes.
Chung Sher pointed at the thief below.
It's this person.
I saw him sneaking around trying to pick a lock while I was wandering outside, so I followed him in.
Hearing this, Officer Mumu was about to ask for some details, but before he could speak, he was interrupted directly by the thief on the ground.
What?
Who do you think you're fooling?
I was looking back the whole time after breaking in.
Okay.
Especially when picking the lock, I stayed inside for 5 minutes before going in.
Upon hearing this, Chungure couldn't help but twitch his mouth.
This guy did he think he should be proud of his caution?
But so what?
You still got pinned down here by me?
Chung Shir said flatly, "Moreover, you could stay inside for 5 minutes.
Hey, does that mean I couldn't monitor outside for 5 minutes?
" Upon hearing this, the thief fell silent for a moment because what he said was indeed possible, but he didn't believe it.
He couldn't believe that such a righteous person could endure for so long without calling the police after seeing a thief picking a lock.
Instead, he thought that he waited until he was picking the lock to take action and conveniently called the police.
So, you're wrong.
Hearing him rebutt again, Chung sure felt a bit speechless.
What the hell did this guy want?
Wouldn't it be better to confess and go home?
He had to go to school tomorrow.
Hey, man.
This officer knows your family, right?
Suddenly, the thief asked.
Hearing his question, Chung Shir.
And officer Mumu couldn't help but be taken back.
After exchanging glances, Officer Mumu cleared his throat and said, "So, what do you want to say?
" He thought to himself, he probably wants to say something threatening again.
"Really, why do these people always like to pull this kind of stunt?
What's the point of making threats?
After all, you'll still be arrested, right?
Moreover, with the other cases hanging over your head, who knows if you'll ever get out again, but even so, Officer Mumu couldn't say it outright.
First, it didn't quite comply with regulations.
Second, it was to prevent the criminal from feeling hopeless and retaliating.
Third, there were quite a few outsiders present.
" Yes, outsiders.
Initially, he came here to investigate a suspect involved in a murder case.
The local police station said that this suspect was caught on surveillance footage near the Muhammad district.
So, they suspected he was hiding around here.
To capture this person, quickly, officer Mumu applied for cooperation with the local police station.
As a result, the investigation had barely begun.
Suddenly, Chung Shu received a phone call.
They said they had caught a thief who resembled the wanted criminal.
Upon hearing this, Officer Mumu wasted no time and immediately brought a few people on night duty to rush over.
Among them were one or two police officers from Chiba Prefecture.
Although these officers were subordinates, they still couldn't compare to the trust he had in his own team.
Cough, the topic has strayed a bit.
In any case, officer Mumu was willing to stop the criminal from making threats, but he couldn't.
However, after waiting for him to finish his threats, he could still respond to him with a very serious attitude because only in this way could those threatened victims see that the police are trustworthy and can steadfastly protect them.
All of this reflects Officer Mumu's true thoughts.
However, what the thief wanted to say was reasoning.
Huh?
Then it's not wrong, little brother.
Are you afraid that your girlfriend issues will be exposed?
So, you made all this up?
Looking at the thief's confident expression, Chung Shirs mind was spinning with blue brain images.
What?
Compared to him, Officer Mumu reacted slightly faster.
Perhaps it was because he had been hanging around with those detectives for a long time.
Officer Mumu was very quick to grasp statements made in a reasoning tone.
So, shortly after the thief made this deduction, he had already scanned Chung Shir and the girl beside the door several times.
Then, looking bewildered, he said, "Oh, I see.
" But Chung Shir only came back to his senses at this moment and looked at him with a face full of disbelief.
You really have an active imagination.
Don't you think there's no one here who is?
At this point, Chung Shu suddenly froze and instinctively turned to look at Yukinosha.
At this moment, Yukinoa also reacted and looked over.
The two exchanged glances.
Then, Chung Shir Yukinoa, "I am not her his boyfriend girlfriend.
" Though both were very clear that the other had no romantic feelings.
The thief's words seemed to make the police not believe them so easily.
Seeing their expressions, Yukinoa couldn't help but retort, "Officer, you wouldn't be foolish enough to believe what a thief says, would you?
" Upon hearing this, the few officers immediately cleared their throats awkwardly.
Ahem, "Of course not.
" "Yeah, yeah.
How could we possibly believe what a criminal says so easily?
" "Right, right.
" In response, Yukinoa and Chung Shshire still looked skeptical.
In the end, it was officer Mumu who couldn't stand it any longer and spoke up to diffuse the tension.
All right, you all hurry over and bring the suspect here.
Why would a child just watch over like this?
Oh, right, right, right.
Hearing their superiors orders, the officers finally went over to restrain the suspect.
Chung Shir was thus freed from his hands.
Once they had the suspect under control, an officer took out his phone to pull up the information for comparison.
Officer Mumu had confirmed this is the person.
Great.
Officer Mumu nodded and then smiled as he patted Chung Sher's shoulder.
Thank you so much, Chung Sherwin.
Your relatives truly are my good fortune.
Upon hearing this, Chung Sher didn't nod in acceptance, but instead reached out to pat Officer Mumus shoulder.
You've worked hard, Officer Mumu.
It must be tough to always see them at crime scenes.
Hearing this, Officer Mumu suddenly found himself with a magnificent piece of music playing in his mind.
PS9ly following that memories of all the cases in the past few months that involved Kaguro Muri flooded back recalling these officer Mumus expression gradually shifted from normal to emo sides hard to describe.
Really sorry for bothering you, Officer Mumu.
No problem.
No problem.
Officer Mumu waved his hand tired.
Who asked you to?
Officer Mumu suddenly realized.
Who is comforting whom here?
Chung Shuin.
Officer Mumu looked at him with a melancholic expression.
Do you know that it's wrong to tease your sister's husband's friend like this?
I didn't.
Officer Mumu Chong shook his head.
Besides, you aren't even Kagoro's friend.
You're his superior.
Officer Mumus tone hit a snag.
Then he retorted, "Isn't that even worse?
How could it be?
" Chung Shshire shrugged and explained.
I neither teased you nor lied to you.
How could that be serious?
Right.
Huh?
Officer Mumu thought for a moment.
Right.
Exactly.
And even if you were Kagoro's superior, you were already his former superior.
Chung Sher added a realistic jab after explaining.
So even if you wanted to discipline someone, you wouldn't be able to write.
On the contrary, if you happen to see him at a crime scene one day, you probably stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Officer Mumu quickly interrupted.
All right.
All right.
Don't say anymore him not bringing it up again.
If this goes on, it would be heart-wrenching.
But speaking of which, what was he originally going to say to Chung Shshire?
With that thought, Officer Mumu glanced around.
When he spotted the person his subordinates were escorting, Officer Mumu realized, "Oh, right.
" They brought the suspect over to thank the public.
In any case, we will take the prisoner with us for now.
As for the record, Officer Mumu pondered for a moment and said, "Let's wait until you have a day off to come over again.
Either here or in Tokyo is fine.
If you come to Tokyo, remember to let me know.
Hell treat you to a meal then.
Sure, well do.
" Chung Shu nodded casually agreeing.
Let'st discuss this again when the holiday comes.
I can ask Shaolan through line if there are any cases to consider going for.
H officer Mumu noticed and said no more simply waving his hand.
All right, you can go back now.
No need to see you off.
Remember to sleep early.
I recall you have school tomorrow.
Whom that's true?
Chong sure nodded in agreement.
After saying that, he walked into the elevator amidst the surprised gazes of several police officers.
The two sides exchanged glances for a few seconds.
