What's wrong?
Aren't you coming down?
Chung sure asked in confusion.
Of course, we're coming down, but why are you getting into the elevator?
Don't you live here?
One officer couldn't help but question.
Shung sure was baffled.
Who told you I live here?
Didn't I say I came from outside?
What?
Officer Mumu couldn't help but exclaim in disbelief.
What you said just now is actually true.
You really went out wandering at midnight.
Is there really a need to doubt that?
Chung Sha rolled his eyes.
And didn't I already mention it?
You just didn't believe me.
Hearing his words, the officers instinctively glanced at the captured prisoner, then quickly averted their eyes.
At the same time, the words of Yuki Yukashida echoed in their minds.
You wouldn't be foolish enough to believe a criminal's words, would you?
At that moment, the officers fell into silence.
They suddenly felt quite foolish.
Simultaneously, an inexplicable anger towards this prisoner surged within them.
"Damn it, how could they have believed what he said, seeing them hesitate to move, Chung Shshire couldn't help but speak up.
So, are you going or not?
If not, I'm going down first.
" "Oh, we're going.
We're going.
" The urged officers quickly entered the elevator.
Meanwhile, the prisoner caught in the middle wore a look of disbelief.
"How is that possible?
My reasoning can't be wrong.
You're clearly wearing a student uniform.
Aren't you supposed to be sent home by the police if found out at night?
" Upon hearing this, the officers finally reacted.
It made sense why they believed so easily.
It turned out there was more to the story.
Chung Shu nodded in understanding.
I see that's what you were thinking.
No wonder that guy looked so confident earlier.
It's understandable for you to think that, but unfortunately, I'm not from your country, Chung said nonchalantly.
So, I generally ignore your country's rule about not going out at night.
The prisoner's expression, which had been filled with disbelief, suddenly turned to realization.
So, that's how it is.
A person from Shinj Chung nodded.
He wasn't surprised that he could directly mention his country.
After all, only Shinjjo had enough confidence to do that in this world.
But even so, that's not acceptable.
Officer Mumu suddenly spoke up his expression serious.
You need to understand that this is Neon, not Shinjo.
The nights here can be very dangerous.
Although I don't know how you caught this prisoner this time.
What about next time?
What if you get discovered?
That's right.
Do you know?
Hearing Officer Mumu's statement, the other police officers also joined in the admonishing session.
They almost forgot they had a duty to warn students about going out at night.
Ding.
It wasn't until the elevator doors opened again that the officers finally stopped lecturing with satisfaction.
Meanwhile, Chungure silently issued a command to the system to activate his hearing.
Yes, he hadn't listened to any of the police officers words in the elevator.
Of course, excluding Officer Momo, he didn't expect the officers to suddenly think of giving a warning.
Moreover, he had no way to prove that he could handle most unforeseen circumstances at night.
H temporarily, in any case, he certainly couldn't just beat up the prisoner, right?
As for the floor he smashed earlier, m that would cost money, wouldn't it?
So after careful consideration, Chung Shir chose to have the system closest hearing.
Outside the apartment building, Officer Mumu instructed several people to put the prisoner in the police car while also giving orders.
After returning, take the prisoner directly to the interrogation room.
The rest you can handle according to the procedure.
Understood.
Officer Mumu.
The rest of you can go now.
They nodded and then directly got into the car to leave.
Chung Shir turned to Officer Mumu and asked, aren't you going back with us?
Officer Mumu adjusted his hat.
Of course I am, but first I need to take you home.
Hearing this, Chung Shir was about to speak, but was interrupted by Officer Mumu, who had been watching him closely.
This is our regulation.
If you don't go back, I can only call your family.
Officer Mumu emphasized the last part, adding a bit more weight to it.
Uh, I was just going to say, "I plan to go back, too.
It was probably already past midnight, right?
It was indeed time for him to sleep, so wandering around didn't matter anymore.
" Upon hearing his words, Officer Mumus expression softened slightly.
That's best.
Let's go get in the car.
Oh.
After getting in the car, Officer Mumu started the vehicle.
Chung Shir said, "Why did it feel like the scenery outside the window hadn't changed at all?
" In the driver's seat, officer Mumu looked at Chung Sher, who was staring outside the window with a face full of sweat.
This kid still hasn't reacted to the situation.
Ahem the address.
Oh, it's a place called Cat House.
Huh?
Is that address on the map?
Yes, it's marked on the car's navigation.
M I don't know how to use the navigation.
Chung was not surprised by this.
Then he'll guide you.
That would be great.
3 minutes later, officer Muer looked at Chungure outside the car, feeling speechless.
Why didn't you say your home was nearby?
He initially thought it was far away, but it turned out to be just two streets apart.
Chung Shu merely shrugged and replied, "I thought you knew Officer Mugar.
" He thought to himself, "Isn't this quite normal?
He clearly stated from the beginning that he was just out wandering at night, right?
Have you ever seen a student who wanders far away?
" Officer Muer was at a loss for words.
Could he admit that he actually didn't know?
After some thought, he decided to let it go to avoid being ridiculed.
However, there was one thing he was quite curious about.
Shir, do you know the girl in that apartment just now?
Yes, we are classmates.
What's wrong?
Upon hearing this, officer Muger raised an eyebrow.
Are you really just classmates?
What else?
Chung Sh replied with a blank stare.
Should I tell you that I have some kind of relationship with her and then you can gossip about it with my brother-in-law him?
Officer Muer said awkwardly.
How could it be?
I was just curious and wanted to ask.
He changed his mouth.
Do you really believe what you've just said, Officer Mugar?
No, I don't believe it.
Officer Muger also felt that this reason was too far-fetched, so he chose to speak the truth.
Chung sure was also taken aback by the sudden honesty of this familiar, righteous, chubby guy.
Officer Muer, you really are.
Humors.
Ha.
Haha.
Officer Muger responded with some satisfaction.
I think so, too.
Ha.
Chung sure awkwardly smiled and chose not to comment.
Haha.
Officer Muger didn't understand why he was laughing, so he instinctively followed along.
It wasn't until halfway through the laughter that Officer Mugar suddenly realized.
Hey, didn't he come to send this kid home?
With that thought, the smile on Officer Mez's face gradually turned serious.
Chungure, it's time for you to go back.
Okay, goodbye, Officer Mugger.
Hearing Officer Murere's words, Ching Shir, who had long wanted to go back, immediately said this and turned to enter the house.
His smooth movements left Officer Muger stunned for a few seconds.
It wasn't until a while later that he helplessly smiled and drove away.
Really, I wonder why this kid came out in the middle of the night.
Of course, it's to see what this pure spirit wants to do.
But how did you die?
And why don't you want to be guided?
Chung Shir asked the pure white humanoid being in front of him.
He had wanted to ask this question for a while.
However, since there were others around, he temporarily set it aside.
Logically, there shouldn't be any issues with guidance in the divine land, right?
Could it be that the underworld also has to go through this process of frying in hot oil first?
Hearing his words, the pure spirit gestured a few times, uttering strange phrases.
The system translation appeared promptly, "I died in an accident before, and the reason I don't want to leave is that I still have unfulfilled wishes.
" Oh, Chung nodded in understanding.
That makes sense as stories about unfulfilled wishes preventing reincarnation are quite common in the country.
What is your wish?
The pure spirit replied system translation firstly to clarify the cause of the accident which I have already completed and secondly to meet the legendary deity a deity.
Chung sure was somewhat puzzled.
If that's the case you just accept the guidance.
Deities are everywhere there.
The black and white impermanence the judge the king of hell aren't.
They all considered deities in your eyes.
However, the pure spirit shook its head.
System translation.
Those are the deities of your country.
I want to see the deities of our side who possess miraculous powers.
Oh, Chung asked curiously.
How miraculous?
The pure spirit said, "Seriously, I don't know.
" Chung Shir, "Don't know.
Why are you still looking forward to these things?
" The pure spirit replied, "Matter of factly, of course, it's because of obsession.
" Hearing this, Chung Shir was instantly speechless.
To treat seeing a deity as an obsession, you must be something else.
With that thought, Chung Shir helplessly waved at it.
"All right, go find your deity.
I'm going to sleep.
" Upon hearing this, the pure spirit nodded and said, "System translation, goodbye, Mr.
Fairy.
Goodbye.
" Or rather, "It's better not to say goodbye.
We don't have any other interactions except for today.
" With that said, Chung Shir turned and went upstairs to his room.
Lying on the bed for a few seconds, Chung Shir suddenly sprang up.
What did it just call me when it left?
Fairy, why does it feel like an insult?
Host, this is one of the cultivation systems in the divine land.
It's just a more populous group.
Chung Sher pondered for a moment.
Lu Xia.
Yes, host.
Upon hearing its answer, Chungure instantly face bombed.
Why is the consciousness of these two worlds blending so chaotically?
By the way, will my parents be in danger?
No.
The system analyzed according to the data.
All battle locations in Luo Xiwis War Chronicle are not in GuangDong Province.
Few, that's good.
At least I can feel a bit more at ease.
All right, time to sleep.
Seeing the host's reaction, the system couldn't help but produce a question mark in Chung Sher's right eye.
What's wrong?
Aren't you going to learn more about it?
Divine Gold Chong rolled his eyes.
I already have Lu Xahbo and Tia on my phone.
Can't I just look up the fairy system?
Or do you have information that isn't available on Tiaba post?
This is the real world.
So what?
Yes, and there's a lot of it.
Oh, great.
I'm going to sleep now.
After casually complimenting Chung Shir got into bed and pulled up the covers the system.
So why should I bring this up?
It makes me sound like a clown.
The next day, Chung Shir habitually closed his eyes and got up.
Then he washed up and went out in one go.
Standing at the gate of the yard, he slowly stretched whom another day of being blind and he didn't know.
Hey, wasn't he already fine?
Thinking of this, Ching sure immediately opened his eyes.
Feeling the sunlight coming toward him, he couldn't help but sigh.
It's really nice.
It's definitely better to be able to see.
After pondering over various matters, Chung Shir headed straight towards the tram station.
However, for some reason, the journey to the tram station seemed unusually long today.
At first, Ching Shir did not notice anything amiss thinking that he had misjudged the time while wandering aimlessly these past few days.
It wasn't until a few minutes later that he saw the Family Mark convenience store once again.
Chung Shir finally slowed his pace.
What was going on?
He remembered that this convenience store had never been this crowded before.
Was he caught in a loop?
Thinking of this, Chung Shir quickly activated the ability of his right eye.
However, no matter how he looked around, all he could see were ordinary street scenes with no other energy fluctuations present.
Strange, how can I be going in circles if nothing is here?
After thinking for a long time without coming up with anything resembling a ghost wall story in Neon Chung, Shir finally called out to the system.
Beep host, may I ask you?
Before the system could finish, Chung Shshire interrupted casually, "Go away.
Don't disturb me while I check the skill panel.
" System, why does it feel even more ridiculous than yesterday?
Putting aside the systems thoughts, Chung Shir finally realized the reason for today's oddity.
The panel displayed today's skill spiritual space side effect loss of directional sense for 72 hours.
Looking at this familiar skill named Chungure fell into deep thought.
This thing didn't it just come up yesterday?
How could it appear so quickly?
And why does the side effect last 3 days?
Is spiritual space really that weak?
Beep.
Post what you persist and will surely resonate.
Dear, you need to ask yourself that.
Also, spiritual space means it's only a space.
A everything else still requires awakening.
Hearing this, Chung Shir suddenly realized and then ruthlessly retorted so stingy.
To this the system had no response because he was right.
It indeed held back some things but it had no choice but to hold back these things.
Have you ever heard of ascending during the day?
Have you seen the scene of a sudden thunder tribulation striking someone under a clear sky?
Whether you have seen it or not is irrelevant.
If the system hadn't deducted those abilities then surely the aforementioned events would have triggered today.
Beep.
Host doing this for your own good.
The system briefly explained the consequences of awakening skills.
Upon hearing this, Chung Shir pondered for a moment and then questioned.
Can't you give me some basic skills first?
Sorry host, I don't have any beginner skills.
All right.
Chung Sher's lips twitched slightly momentarily unsure whether to be happy or to complain.
However, after this encounter, he finally understood a flaw in the functionality of his system.
After thinking for a moment, Chung Sher suggested, "If there are similar skills next time, please seal them for me first.
As for when to use them, well discuss that later.
" Beep.
Received, hearing the systems response, Chung Shu nodded.
All right, this problem is resolved.
So, what comes next?
Chung gazed at the surrounding scenery, lost and thought, "How should I get to school?
" Just as he was contemplating this, a familiar figure quietly appeared behind him.
Then she walked right past someone.
There were no questions, no greetings, just the sound of footsteps that seemed quite familiar.
Hm, that sound of footsteps.
Chung Sha raised his head in confusion and then his eyes lit up.
Good morning, Yukinoa.
This girl really arrived at the perfect time.
Yukinoa merely nodded gently in response.
Good morning, Wan.
After exchanging greetings, the two walked towards the tram station one after the other.
Before long, Chung Shshire followed in Yukino's footsteps and arrived at the familiar tram station.
Upon stepping into the station, he finally felt a sigh of relief.
Now that I'm here, I shouldn't get lost, right?
With this thought, Chung Shir walked straight ahead without looking back after passing through the automatic ticket gate.
However, before he could take a few more steps of figures suddenly appeared behind him, "It's a doppelganger.
" "No, it's Yukino Yukino.
" She reached out to stop Chung Shir and said helplessly, "I thought your tendency to get lost was limited to the roads.
Either it to happen indoors as well.
Your sense of direction is a bit serious.
" Hearing this, even Chung Shshire, no matter how foolish, understood that Yukinoa must have seen him spinning in circles back then, but he didn't know how many times she had seen it.
Uh, did you intentionally show up at that time?
No.
Yukinoa shook her head.
I just happened to be buying something at Family Mart.
And at the same time, I just happened to see someone walking in circles and questioning their life.
At this point, Yukinoa's eyes directly turned to someone, and it was obvious who she was referring to, and that person was, "If I say this is temporary, would you believe me?
" Yukinoa didn't reply and threw Chung Sher an eye roll.
Clearly, she did not believe him, and Chung Shur had no other way out.
After all, the system was difficult to explain to others.
In the end, Chung Shir could only helplessly sigh and admit, "All right, I do sometimes lose my sense of direction and the manifestation of that, I don't think I need to explain that, right?
" Upon hearing this, Yukino looked him over and said slowly, "There's really no need for an explanation, but your excuses are indeed plentiful.
Just let it be that you're lost.
Oh, why do you have to call it a disordered sense of direction?
Why didn't I think of this excuse earlier?
" Chung sure had no words to say.
As I said before, it's a system issue hard to explain.
But fortunately, Yukinoida did not dwell on this issue as both of them still had the primary purpose of getting to school.
After some time, the two ultimately walked out of the tram together.
After all, the systems tendency to cause him to get lost was too severe, and Chungure still had not thought of any solutions.
So, forgetting to school, he temporarily needed to rely on Yukinoa, but only for today.
As for the next 48 hours, surely he couldn't keep bothering her.
Also, why did it seem like this girl had been around for the past few days?
System.
How's the heavenly dao of the two worlds going?
Beep.
Host is still merging.
So, is it just a coincidence?
Beep.
Unable to answer, but I can tell the host a bit.
The heavenly dao does not care for human emotions.
Hearing the systems response, a line from a novel in his past life suddenly surfaced in Chung Sher's mind.
Heaven and earth are merciless treating all creatures as mere fodder whom although it actually originates from the Dao scripture.
But is the heavenly Dao here the same way?
Uh, not really.
At least not for now.
What do you mean?
M in simple terms both heavenly dao consciousnesses are relatively gentle so they are still considering whether to merge with each other.
Chung couldn't help but feel a bit embarrassed.
What kind of situation is this?
You both collided yet still care about these things.
What will happen if they don't merge?
Nothing will happen.
It's just a symbiotic relationship like taking turns resting or slacking off.
Hearing this chunure couldn't help but raise an eyebrow.
How is this different from what I read in the novel?
It's perfectly normal.
Humans have those who are diligent and those who slack off.
Why can't the Heavenly Dao do the same?
That makes sense.
I have to admit, this reason is very compelling.
So compelling that Chung Shir was too lazy to ask more.
After all, how the heavenly Dao operates isn't something he should be worried about, right?
Moreover, there is also Lao Jun and his group over in Shinjjo.
Thinking of this, Chung Shir immediately relaxed and began to embrace his laziness earnestly.
But speaking of which system, do you really not know why Shu Xi keeps appearing nearby?
Beep.
Unclear.
How about you try using divination skills more often today?
What if you draw a lot tomorrow?
I can directly show it to you.
Upon hearing this, Chungure thought for a moment and nodded, "Sure, I'll think about it more.
" He then lowered his head for a second before getting up to follow Shu Xi to school.
System done.
No time.
Let's go to school first.
Moreover, standing still and meditating felt too strange.
He didn't want to be observed by others.
Soon the two arrived at school and returned to their respective classes.
Then the teacher entered and began the lesson.
Ding Ling with the sound of the class bell ringing the classroom became noisy again.
These sounds made Chung Sher a bit irritable.
