" That was your seat just now, and I could see it very clearly from here.
Upon hearing this, Kagaya's previously calm expression suddenly changed.
"So that means, I don't know," Chung Shir shrugged.
But I think he probably doesn't know that you arranged for him to have a part-time job.
Otherwise, Bayen would have immediately declined when he saw her just now.
Of course, it's also possible he wouldn't because from Bay Yins demeanor, it seemed he came here looking for a job for himself, or rather for his predecessor.
Remembering this, Chung Shir fell silent for a moment.
Is the predecessor really that short on money?
Kagaya, upon hearing Chung Shirs words, suddenly realized, "Write this job was originally the president's idea to find for him, but that's still not enough.
" Kagaya was still a bit worried.
But how can you be sure the president won't go online to check like you did?
It's simple.
Just make him forget about it.
Before Kagaya could speak, Chung Sh continued, "You can talk to him about other things or bring up my matters.
" Of course, it would be best if there's someone around who knows my account and is very curious.
Then he basically won't remember at all.
Kagaya couldn't help but be a bit dazed.
Are you and the president really friends?
This idea is just too solid, isn't it?
Why wouldn't we be friends?
Chung shrugged.
I know him quite well.
Indeed, otherwise he wouldn't be able to come up with such methods.
But why?
Oi, Kagaya asked with confusion.
Why would you help me keep it a secret?
It's similar to your reason.
Chong smiled.
I'm also doing it for you hang just with a different purpose.
Chung Shir said as he turned to glance in the direction of Bainy Yuang.
You've worked alongside him in the student council for so long.
You must know his family is quite poor, right?
Yes.
Kagaya nodded.
To understand the president knowing this is essential.
Therefore, I want him to work a little longer in this high-paying position and not leave immediately.
Chung expressed his true intentions.
I see now Hua realized.
No wonder he came up with such ideas for her.
Moreover, the success rate of this method is quite high because there is a certain pink-haired girl in the student council.
I understand.
I will implement this method after the president arrives at the office tomorrow.
Yes, it's all for Yushing, Chung Shiru said with a smile of achievement.
Hey, Miss Hua was perplexed.
Her face turned crimson.
Wow, Steam princess.
You are you trying to trick me?
Not at all.
Chung Shir replied innocently, didn't you say that yourself?
Seeing him like this, Hu Asia felt a mix of shame and anger.
The source of her shame is unnecessary to mention.
What angered her was that as a prominent young lady from the Sherong family, she had easily revealed something to a boy she had only just met.
Aw, so frustrating.
It always ends up like this when dealing with matters related to the president.
Thinking of this, Sher Gong Wiz's expression grew increasingly emo, as if she wanted to explode right here and now.
However, Chung Shir would definitely not let such a thing happen.
After all, he quite enjoyed this couple.
So, he planned to test this process a little earlier.
Even if it couldn't be skipped, at least it could be accelerated a bit, right?
It seems I was right.
You two indeed have feelings for each other.
Shang Hua instantly snapped back to reality.
What did you just say?
Didn't you hear me?
Chung Shir raised an eyebrow.
Then, forget it.
Upon hearing this, Huja panicked.
Are you saying that the president also?
But as soon as she began to say it, she immediately regret it.
Why was she being drawn into this again?
However, this time it was not merely a trick of words.
Chung Shu nodded, saying, "That's right.
I can confidently tell you that Yusin likes you.
" Upon hearing this Wiz's first reaction was joy, but soon her inner shyness enveloped her once again.
Ultimately, she only appeared calm on the surface.
Not really.
From Chung Shers perspective, Miss Huja was already blushing uncontrollably.
It seems we can't continue discussing this.
Chong sure sighed regretfully saying, "But it's still too early to talk about this.
A after all, you're both only 17 and haven't confessed yet.
" Mainly because there hasn't been a confession.
Um, this at this moment, Huija was completely at a loss for words.
Meanwhile, Chung Shir was still pondering about their future.
If it was just thinking that would be fine, but unfortunately, he unconsciously muttered it out loud.
If Eusing confesses there's no need to worry, if he lacks confidence, he will naturally come to me.
The only concern is that guy's marriage prospects.
First, his family background whom that might need improvement.
I'll have to think about it when I get back.
And then um however, he had only just begun to say this when his mouth was suddenly covered from behind.
Don't talk about anything else for now.
Bayin Yushing suddenly appeared.
What nonsense are you spouting here?
Um Yuri full of it.
Chung Shir wanted to retort, but unfortunately Bayin was covering too tightly, leaving only his nose exposed for breathing.
As a result, Chung Shirs subsequent retorts were ruthlessly silenced.
Meanwhile, Bayin hurriedly explained that Shir Gong, you mustn't listen to his nonsense.
He's like this rambling on from time to time.
you mustn't take it to heart.
Although he didn't hear everything, just now seeing the girl's flushed face, even a fool could tell it was definitely not normal.
So upon seeing Huia blush, Bayen immediately walked over.
However, before he could even start asking, Chung Shirs earlier remark regarding his need to improve his family background if he were to marry.
Without a second thought, Bayin chose to pin Chung Shir down first.
This guy must be exposing his own situation.
It's just I don't know how far he's exposed it.
Shong, did he say anything strange to you just now?
Upon hearing Bayin's question, Whiz's face turned even redder.
No, Chung Shu didn't say anything strange.
Really?
When asking this, Bayin looked worriedly at Huja and then shot a death glare at Chung Shir.
Clearly, he needed answers from both.
Shir Gong Huian nodded in confirmation.
However, her still flushed face lacked convincing power.
Chung Shir while looking at him with dead fish eyes indicated that Bayin should let him explain if he wanted to.
Seeing this, Bayin gently released his grip.
I was saying that if you and Hua were to marry, smack.
Before he could finish, Bayin's hand that had just been released was suddenly pressed down again.
Good.
You can shut up now, you bastard.
Baying Yusing shot a fierce glare at someone.
He never imagined that this guy could make Hu Asia blush so much.
Combining this with the earlier topics about marriage.
Baying Yusing dared not continue thinking.
What is a toxic friend?
Baying used to be unclear about it, but now he understood clearly.
Meanwhile, the toxic friend he spoke of didn't want to mention it anymore because he felt targeted by something, just not sure if it was the will of heaven.
As for why he came to this conclusion, because the system had already issued three warnings in his mind.
Ding.
Detected severe fluctuations in the timeline.
Consequences unpredictable.
Host, please stop your actions immediately.
Three timeline fluctuations.
I didn't expect this sudden thought to be so serious.
Something's not right.
Isn't Kaguya sama love is worth a slice of life series?
How could a slight advance in a timeline cause such severe fluctuations?
Because the will of heaven is also shipping.
However, it prefers natural outcomes.
If the host merely wishes to assist, it won't say much.
But if you want to advance it, so much.
Chungure, are you sure?
System beep.
Sure.
Is the heavenly Dao so idle?
Idol.
Definitely idle.
After all, there's no worry about the pressure of world merging.
Chung sure had no words to say.
Well, let's not disturb its mood.
It's just a matter of wanting to watch, isn't it?
It's merely a matter of length.
But what to do now?
His mouth was covered, and the two who could speak were frozen.
Moreover, looking at the situation of these two, it seems they won't be able to speak for a while.
H.
This is a bit difficult.
Can you contact the heavenly dao system?
Beep.
Host.
I don't want to die.
Fine.
Chung sure immediately understood its meaning.
It can contact, but the consequences are severe, and he might lose this system.
Then, let's forget it.
let nature take its course.
Chung sure slumped back in his chair.
He wanted to see how long these two proud oddballs could hold out.
Now back to Bayin and Hui.
The two were still in a standoff.
The atmosphere was gradually becoming awkward.
At this moment, someone usually needs to take the initiative to break the silence.
But unfortunately, those who could speak were being covered and the two remaining were brainstorming.
Yes, after Chung Shir's half output, they unconsciously entered their usual war mode.
Mutual affection.
This was undoubtedly the case for both of them.
Otherwise, they wouldn't have said during the second year of high school.
that is in the first episode, let the other person confess first.
However, in terms of love, both were quite naive, at least until no one pointed it out.
Their understanding of love was probably still based on what they heard from others or seen on various platforms.
Therefore, if they wanted to get through this, they could either wait for time or rely on an assist.
Thus, the assist came.
But someone got a bit too carried away.
In short, due to Chung Sher's sudden whim, his utterance of marriage suddenly sparked some ideas in the two.
It was roughly if the other party is shy about this topic, wouldn't it prompt him to confess Bayenne?
Although the topic of marriage is too radical, it seems to be a good breakthrough point for getting Shikami to confess to me.
Qui marriage.
In any case, if this topic can help with the president, it doesn't seem bad.
And even if it doesn't work, at least I can understand the president's preferences.
So, I must wait for the other party to speak first, too.
Chung Shir, these two can really hold on.
But fortunately, this is a family restaurant with decent foot traffic.
And more importantly, Bayen is working here.
Bayen, another customer, wants to order.
Oh, coming right away.
Although somewhat reluctant by still turned and left.
After all, a worker must look the part.
Ai instinctively tried to keep him, but she quickly realized and let go.
Few that was close.
I almost got seen by the president.
If he found out that I instinctively tried to keep him, that leverage would probably be held over my head for a long time.
Fortunately, that leverage was not obtained by him.
Just as we was about to breathe a sigh of relief, she found Chung Sh looking at her with an expressionless face.
It's over.
Hi instantly felt that her life was hopeless.
She seemed to have seen the future where the president with Chung Shirs help won the war and lived like a slave after marriage.
M looking at the girl's constantly changing expression Chung Shir pondered for two seconds.
Why do I feel like you are thinking too much?
No, I didn't think too much about anything.
Hui Hurly denied.
She no longer dared to speak much.
No way.
The impression Chungure left on her was quite profound.
Just like earlier, the two were merely having a normal conversation, but she always unconsciously revealed her true thoughts.
It was as if she had been hypnotized.
So Hui did not want to speak much with this person anymore as she wanted to avoid any further variables in the upcoming war.
As for Chung Shshire, upon seeing the girl's increasingly wary gaze, he was somewhat puzzled.
It seemed he hadn't done anything strange, right?
Why is she suddenly acting like I'm a creep?
Thinking this, Chungure decided to probe Shikamasan.
What's wrong with you?
I'm fine.
Hi replied, tursily revealing not a single hint of information.
Oh, Chung Shu nodded.
So you are on guard against me.
Hui, yes, but I don't dislike you.
H Chung Sher instantly had a question mark face.
What does this mean?
on guard but not disliking.
Aren't those two words somewhat contradictory together?
But upon careful thought, if following their logic, it's quite easy to clarify the meaning of these two terms.
So, according to the romantic logic of the two protagonists in Kaguya sama, love is war, you two.
Wouldn't you be treating love as a battle?
Hi said nothing.
But Chung Shir could still see her shock from her suddenly widened eyes.
Thus, Ching Shir continued to speculate.
So, what are the conditions for victory?
Who confesses first?
Or who can't withstand the assault and is breached?
or who can get the other to confess first whom it feels good to be smug with the answer in hand.
However, Hui Yui was so shocked by his words that she was at a loss for words.
Is this guy a monster?
Just based on a few words, he can guess so much.
Meanwhile, seeing her astonished expression, Chung Shir pretended not to understand him.
Did I say something wrong?
Looks like I guessed wrong.
The moment Hu Yi heard this, she suddenly felt her heart relax.
However, in the next second, Chung Shir spoke again.
Since that's the case.
At this point, Chung paused.
He looked at Hui Yi as if waiting for something.
Since what?
Hui finally couldn't help but speak up.
No way.
This person is just too good at teasing.
Just let you two figure it out yourselves after all.
This is your matter.
At this point, Chung Shir paused and added, "Of course, you can also ask me for help.
" Upon hearing Ching Sher's words, "Hi, you did not respond.
Need your help?
What does that mean?
" "Of course, it's just a literal meaning.
" Chung Shir said casually, "I usually do well in exams, so there's nothing to worry about.
And usually, aside from playing music and making some money, there's not much else to do.
So, if you two encounter any difficulties or confusion regarding relationships, feel free to consult me.
I have ways to resolve them.
Chung Sher spoke with great confidence as if he had experienced several relationships himself.
In reality, he was just talking nonsense.
His so-called solutions actually relied on online acquaintances, a combination of past life, present life, and system assistance.
In essence, it meant collecting precise answers from netizens across two lifetimes and acting like a know-it-all.
But the premise was that the two people in front of him would need to ask him.
Oh no, he didn't have to worry about Bayen.
He would eventually ask considering his work frequency and the fact that he spent most of his time in the anime student council scenes.
It was likely that the only friends he could consult were himself.
But Hui was different.
First, they were meeting for the first time today.
Second, she already had an round girl beside her who was a strategist, bodyguard, best friend, etc.
Third, there was no third.
That was just filler.
In conclusion, why would Hui seek help from him when she could find it nearby?
Moreover, isn't the president your friend?
Why would you help me then?
This was Hua's question.
In her view, Chung Shir could only be someone from the president's camp with no exceptions.
From the moment they met, he had already been labeled as by Inu Hangs friend.
Chung Shir had no rebuttal to that.
Friends are indeed friends, but no one said that friends couldn't also be bad friends.
In the male social circle, friends and bad friends often coexist in one person.
Thus, Chung Shir waved his hand and replied, "Friends are friends, but it doesn't mean that once we become friends, I can't trick you.
Besides, while you two are treating love like a battle to me, it's not much different from normal pursuits between men and women.
It's just a bit odd.
" So for me, this help isn't as rigid as you think because regardless of who wins in the end, the result remains the same.
After listening to Chung Shir's words, Hi, he couldn't help but fall into contemplation.
The result is indeed the same after he said that it actually seemed true.
So you mean if I want to ask about the president, you would also tell me the truth, right?
Yes.
After a pause, Chung Shir added, "And Yu Hang will never know that I told you consider it a confidentiality agreement.
" Upon hearing this, we was deeply tempted.
This was after all a war spy delivered right to her door.
Oh no, a double agent.
After all, if he could provide information about the president, then he would also be sharing his own intel with the president.
So, this was a double-edged sword.
However, the value of this sword was high, and Hui believed she could make use of it.
Thus, having known each other for only a short while, the two exchanged emails, she wondered if Binyu Hang would think too much after seeing it.
However, before that, looking at the antiquated phone in Hi, Yas Haning sure sincerely offered a piece of advice.
See, classmate, you should replace your phone soon as smartphones have many advantages.
No need.
See Kong Hi.
You put away her phone and said lightly.
It's just a phone or as long as it can connect, that's enough.
I see.
Chung understood.
It seems you are quite content and indifferent to desires.
Content and indifferent.
What?
What does that mean?
Hui tilted her head in confusion.
It means you're impressive.
After all, in this age, everyone basically has a smartphone.
Hui puzzled lifted her old phone.
Right?
Isn't this a phone everyone has?
Seeing this, Chung Sha realized he hadn't expressed himself clearly.
So, he explained the phone I'm talking about is a smartphone, not the kind you have.
A smartphone refers to one that can transfer data chat easily and swipe screens.
Qui still don't understand.
Seeing the puzzled expression on her face, Chung Shshire suddenly doubted whether his explanation was the problem.
If it wasn't, then she must just be it literate.
Hey, Chungure suddenly remembered that this girl in front of him indeed fit that description.
Fu Chung let out a small sigh.
Luckily, he could find the problem.
Otherwise, he would have started to self-doubt a bit.
However, now that he had identified the problem, the solution was simple.
He took out his phone again, unlocked it and snapped a photo of Baiinu Hang at work.
Then he placed it flat on the table for Hi to see.
Look closely, he explained while operating.
This is a photo of Yu Hang.
If you had a smartphone too, I could simply click share and send.
In less than a second, this photo of Yu Hang would appear fully on your phone.
We Yes.
eyes widened in an instant.
And unless you actively show this photo to Yu Hang, he will never know.
Only you and I will know.
We furthermore, if you want more in the future, you don't have to take them yourself.
You can have your subordinates or me take photos.
Chung Shir's tone was full of temptation.
Just think about it.
It only takes a few seconds.
You can gather so many photos and intel about Yu Hang without him being aware.
Hey, do you still think it's unnecessary to change this phone?
At that moment, Hi.
Yes.
eyes sparkled.
Change.
Hell replace it as soon as I get home.
Okay.
Chung Shir instructed, remember this email?
Once you download Lin, hell send you the account and then he'll send you photos.
Good.
Hui agreed without a second thought.
All right, I should be heading back now.
Saying this, Chung Shir waved and called Bayin Yu Hang.
Waiter, coming?
What do you want?
Bayin replied somewhat displeased.
Chung Shu didn't mind.
Hey, after all, a little frustration was quite normal.
Mm.
Chung Shu nodded.
After all, there's nothing urgent happening right now, is there?
Besides, you're busy, too.
Sitting here idle would only bore you, so perhaps well meet again another time.
Bain paused thoughtfully upon hearing this.
That's true.
I'm not sure why today's workload feels heavier than usual.
I haven't even had time to chat with you.
Right.
